query:    is incest is legal? how i determine that incest is wrong?
keywords: incest legal wrong determine

query:    董必武是哪一國的開國元勛?
keywords: 董必武 开国元勋 国籍

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 材质：棉 | 颜色：红色 | 风格：休闲 | 图案：条纹 | 图案：刺绣 | 图案：撞色 | 衣样式：polo | 衣袖长：短袖
keywords: 上衣 棉 红色 休闲 条纹 刺绣 撞色 polo 短袖

query:    Why don't we breathe in fully (deeply) with every breath?

Just curious and thought of this when I was falling asleep. Why do we tend to breathe in at only half lung capacity?
keywords: breathing lung capacity shallow deep breath physiology

query:    what is the name of the us army unit that is based in camp market
keywords: Camp Market US Army unit name

query:    青岛今日搬家怎么样
keywords: 青岛 搬家 今日 天气 适宜

query:    Qual è la popolazione di Monteroni d'Arbia?
keywords: Monteroni d'Arbia popolazione

query:    who sang mack the knife with frank sinatra
keywords: Mack the Knife Frank Sinatra singer

query:    15寸显示器最佳分辨率
keywords: 15寸 显示器 最佳分辨率

query:    好山好水好风光下一句幽默对
keywords: 好山好水好风光 下一句 幽默 对联

query:    What sport do Shane Dowrich and Marlon Samuels both play?
keywords: Shane Dowrich Marlon Samuels sport

query:    கேள்வி :
சரியான விடையைத் தேர்ந்து எடுத்து எழுதுக.

காந்தார கலைப் பள்ளியை உருவாக்கியவர்

அ. சந்திர குப்த மவுரியர்

ஆ. அசோகர்

இ. கனிஷ்கர்

ஈ. ஹர்ஷர்
keywords: காந்தார கலைப் பள்ளி உருவாக்கியவர்

query:    what is the treatment when asset is discarded as per income tax act
keywords: income tax act asset discarded treatment

query:    Does inclusion of dynamic clinical data improve the predictive performance of a 30-day readmission risk model in kidney transplantation?
keywords: kidney transplantation 30-day readmission risk model predictive performance dynamic clinical data

query:    Кто сыграл в главной роли в «Са́йлент Хилл»?
keywords: Са́йлент Хилл главная роль актёр

query:    Comment changer la batterie ?
keywords: changer batterie

query:    乌芪舒筋通络片中乌头碱限量检测方法研究
keywords: 乌芪舒筋通络片 乌头碱 限量检测 方法

query:    Do bile duct epithelia regulate biliary bicarbonate excretion in normal rat liver?
keywords: bile duct epithelia regulate biliary bicarbonate excretion normal rat liver

query:    Why is it easier to imitate someone who has a voice with a higher pitch than your own, rather than lower?

I've been trying to get better at doing impressions. Some people have requested that I try to do certain celebrities or characters, but when I imitate men, it's hard to make the voice sound natural. The lower register sounds breathy and weird. I also noticed men seem to be able to imitate women pretty easily. Is there a reason for this, and possibly a way to get better?
keywords: voice imitation higher pitch easier than lower pitch reasons techniques

query:    what was the book making globalization work
keywords: making globalization work book

query:    别克昂科旗行车记录仪内存卡
keywords: 别克昂科旗 行车记录仪 内存卡

query:    สไปเดอร์-แมน ได้รับการตีพิมพ์ครั้งแรกในช่วงคริสต์ทศวรรษที่ใด?
keywords: สไปเดอร์-แมน ตีพิมพ์ครั้งแรก คริสต์ทศวรรษ

query:    Design a method in JavaScript to validate a password according to the following criteria:
1. The password must contain at least 8 characters.
2. The password must contain at least one uppercase letter.
3. The password must contain at least one lowercase letter.
4. The password must contain at least one numeric digit.
5. The password must contain at least one special character (!@#$%^&*).
6. The password cannot contain any whitespace characters.
7. The password must not be a common password (such as "password" or "123456").
8. The password must not be based on any personal information (such as username, name, or date of birth).
9. The password must not contain consecutive characters from the keyboard (e.g. qwerty or asdf).
10. The password must not contain repeating characters (e.g. aaa or 111).
keywords: JavaScript 密码验证 方法 设计 至少8字符 大写字母 小写字母 数字 特殊字符 禁止空格 禁止常见密码 禁止个人信息 禁止键盘连续字符 禁止重复字符

query:    孟鲁司特钠对呼吸道合胞病毒毛细支气管炎后气道炎症的作用
keywords: 孟鲁司特钠 呼吸道合胞病毒 毛细支气管炎 气道炎症 作用

query:    when did the west side of the stadium collapse
keywords: stadium west side collapse date

query:    how long for herpes outbreak to clear up?
keywords: herpes outbreak duration clear up

query:    high bounce ball
keywords: high bounce ball

query:    What is a concept-driven strategy and how does it differ from other strategies?
keywords: concept-driven strategy definition differences other strategies

query:    are boar bristle brushes good for frizzy hair?
keywords: boar bristle brushes frizzy hair benefits

query:    Does dan-Qi prescription ameliorate insulin resistance through overall corrective regulation of glucose and fat metabolism?
keywords: dan-Qi prescription insulin resistance glucose fat metabolism regulation

query:    What is used on many rare items, such as chain link fences?
keywords: chain link fences rare items uses

query:    What is an Afrikaans and South African English word for a roughly circular enclosure for livestock, surrounded by fencing?
keywords: Afrikaans South African English word circular enclosure livestock fencing

query:    what is the robot called in the incredibles
keywords: Incredibles robot name

query:    英法海軍陸戰隊為什麼淪為清國大炮轟擊的活靶?
keywords: 英法海军陆战队 清军 炮击 活靶 原因

query:    Question: What was his acting career like before becoming famous and how did he get his big break in hollywood? Dialogue History: Jean-claude van damme's early life and martial arts background.
Jean-claude van damme, born jean-claude camille françois van varenberg on october 18, 1960, in berchem-sainte-agathe, brussels, belgium, is the son of eliana and eugène van varenberg, an accountant and florist. Raised roman catholic, his father was bilingual, hailing from brussels, while his mother was flemish. Van damme's paternal grandmother was jewish.

At the age of ten, his father enrolled him in a shōtōkan karate school, which ignited his passion for martial arts. He went on to train in a variety of styles, including shōtōkan karate, kickboxing, taekwondo, and muay thai. Van damme earned his black belt in karate at 18 and later trained in full-contact karate and kickboxing with dominique valera.

From 1976 to 1980, van damme competed in several martial arts competitions with a record of 44 victories and 4 defeats. He was a member of the belgian karate team that won the european karate championship in 1979. In addition to martial arts, he took up ballet at 16 and studied it for five years. Van damme also won a bodybuilding title for mr. Belgium.
keywords: Jean-Claude Van Damme acting career early Hollywood big break

query:    The 727-carat Presidente Vargas Diamond bears the name of the head of state of this nation where it was found
keywords: Presidente Vargas Diamond 727-carat found nation head of state

query:    怀孕多久胎儿才会成熟，胎盘几级胎儿才算成熟啊，破复多少周好，三十八周多能不能做破复啊感谢医生为我快速解答――该如何治疗和预防我也要咨询
keywords: 怀孕 胎儿成熟 胎盘分级 破腹产 孕周 38周 治疗 预防

query:    Does autophagy inhibition by chloroquine sensitize HT-29 colorectal cancer cells to concurrent chemoradiation?
keywords: autophagy inhibition chloroquine HT-29 colorectal cancer cells chemoradiation sensitize

query:    when did south africa host cricket world cup
keywords: South Africa host Cricket World Cup year

query:    上海市的人口统计数据
keywords: 上海市 人口 统计数据

query:    Question: 这首歌曲所属的专辑叫什么名字？ Dialogue History: 请问《美少女战士》粤语版主题曲是被谁演唱的？
《美少女战士》粤语版主题曲是由王馨平、汤宝如和周慧敏三位歌手合作演唱的。他们在这首歌曲中展示了出色的演唱实力，使这首歌曲成为了动画《美少女战士》的经典之作，受到了许多粉丝的喜爱。
keywords: 美少女战士 粤语版 主题曲 专辑 名称

query:    How (or is it necessary) to rebalance a 401k with only one index fund?
keywords: 401k rebalance single index fund necessary

query:    A bomber jacket with inner warming lining, preferrably black
keywords: bomber jacket inner warming lining black

query:    子宫脱垂1度今年想要宝宝怎么办
keywords: 子宫脱垂1度 备孕 怀孕 处理方法

query:    The recession?

(sorry if this has been asked before, i searched and didn't really find anything explaining it) Are some people just super rich so there's less money to go around? It doesn't make sense that there would be less money one day than another.
keywords: recession causes wealth inequality money supply economic explanation

query:    who is the judge in green wix
keywords: judge Green Wix

query:    What is considered to be the end game of Gaius Gracchus?
keywords: Gaius Gracchus end game political goals

query:    怎样修密宗
keywords: 密宗 修行 方法

query:    Question: His role as an ambassador? Dialogue History: When he played for qpr, what were some of his achievements?
:Zesh Rehman joined the Queens Park Rangers (QPR), a Championship club, from Fulham on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee just before the 2006-07 season started. During his time at QPR, Rehman made 50 appearances for the team as a defender. While specific personal achievements during his stint at QPR are not well documented, he did contribute to the team's performance and gained more exposure and experience, which helped him in becoming a more competitive player.

Rehman's tenure at QPR spanned three years, and it was during this period that he went on loan to other clubs, namely Brighton & Hove Albion, Blackpool, and Bradford City. These loan spells provided him with additional experience and playing time, which played an essential role in his development as a footballer as well as making connections with other clubs.

While Rehman's time at QPR may not be marked by a long list of individual accolades, his contributions as a defender and three years of experience at the club helped him further his career in professional football. Ultimately, this led to him signing for Bradford City on a permanent basis in June 2009 after being released by QPR.
Zesh rehman's career as a footballer.
:zesh rehman, born as zeshan rehman on october 14, 1983, is a professional british-pakistani football player. He is a defender and currently plays for pahang fc, formerly known as pahang fa, in the malaysia super league. Rehman holds the distinction of being the first british asian to start a premier league match and is the first to have played in all four divisions of professional football in england.

Zesh rehman has also represented the pakistan national football team and is the first pakistani international footballer to have played professional football in countries like england, thailand, hong kong, and malaysia. Additionally, he's the first pakistani international to have played in the afc cup.

His football career began at fulham, where he made 30 appearances and had loan spells at brighton & hove albion and norwich city. Rehman's transfer to queens park rangers (qpr) followed, where he made 50 appearances for the club. During his three years at qpr, he went on loan to clubs like brighton & hove albion, blackpool, and bradford city, finally moving permanently to bradford city on a free transfer in june 2009.

Although he had primarily represented england at under-18, under-19, and under-20 levels, rehman made his debut for pakistan in 2005. Aside from his playing career, he's known for being an ambassador for kick it out and the show racism the red card campaign, working to help british asian players in the football world.

He was born in birmingham and played for his local sunday league team, kingshurst, as a child. At twelve years old, a scout spotted him, prompting his family to move to london, where he joined the fulham academy. Rehman played in various positions, including center back, holding midfielder, and right back during his time at fulham.

His professional debut happened on september 23, 2003, in a match against wigan athletic. After six days, he was sent on loan to brighton & hove albion. Rehman made his premier league debut for fulham in a match against liverpool on april 17, 2004, becoming the first british asian player to play in the top division of english football.
keywords: Zesh Rehman ambassador role

query:    Are the liver function test enzymes and glucose level positively correlated in gallbladder cancer : a cancer registry data analysis from north central India?
keywords: gallbladder cancer liver function test enzymes glucose level correlation cancer registry data analysis north central India

query:    胎儿双肾盂分离0。3怀孕20周左心室一个强光点我在做吗仪器
keywords: 胎儿 双肾盂分离 0.3cm 怀孕20周 左心室 强光点 B超 检查

query:    江阴属于哪个市
keywords: 江阴 所属 市

query:    Cung cấp công thức và thông tin dinh dưỡng cho chế độ ăn chay
keywords: công thức dinh dưỡng chế độ ăn chay

query:    回收站不见了
keywords: 回收站 不见 恢复 找回

query:    Does the predictive validity for mortality of the index of mobility-related limitation -- result from the EPESE study?
keywords: predictive validity mortality index mobility-related limitation EPESE study

query:    debris that is trapped in mucus is moved away from the lungs toward the throat by _____.
keywords: debris trapped mucus moved lungs toward throat

query:    张超是贵州哪里人
keywords: 张超 贵州 籍贯

query:    What is the title of the book written by Chester I. Barnard?
keywords: Chester I. Barnard book title

query:    皮皮虾腿
keywords: 皮皮虾 腿

query:    how to find the multiplier of a percentage increase?
keywords: percentage increase multiplier calculation

query:    who played darth vader in the movie star wars
keywords: Darth Vader actor Star Wars movie

query:    乡村爱乡村爱情第二部
keywords: 乡村爱情 第二部

query:    what are the similarities between SXTs in outbursts and persistent LMXRBs?
keywords: SXTs outbursts persistent LMXRBs similarities

query:    cf比赛服怎么弄cf点
keywords: CF比赛服 CF点 获取方法

query:    who was the first person to master the art of printing polyphonic music
keywords: first person master printing polyphonic music

query:    Do preliminary study of Huai Qi Huang granules delay the development of primary glomerular diseases in human?
keywords: Huai Qi Huang granules preliminary study delay development primary glomerular diseases human

query:    血清肌酐定义
keywords: 血清肌酐 定义

query:    新生儿经常打嗝，有时候时间挺长的，会不会不好？
keywords: 新生儿 打嗝 时间长 影响 健康

query:    we大舅子是哪国人
keywords: we 大舅子 国籍

query:    What are referred to as the 'new states'?
keywords: new states definition referred

query:    《灰姑娘》的原唱者是哪位？
keywords: 灰姑娘 原唱 歌手

query:    how tall is tracy anderson
keywords: Tracy Anderson height

query:    责任认定书出来了，对方全责，但不赔偿，怎么解
keywords: 责任认定书 对方全责 不赔偿 解决方法

query:    founder of callaway gardens
keywords: Callaway Gardens founder

query:    how much xp do you get when you get a kill in fortnite?
keywords: Fortnite kill XP amount

query:    when does the latest riverdale episode come out
keywords: riverdale latest episode release date

query:    create a function that calculates the total cost of a meal including taxes and tips, but with the following specific requirements:
- The sales tax rate can be any decimal value between 0 and 1, inclusive.
- The tip percentage can be any decimal value between 0 and 1, inclusive.
- The meal price can be any positive decimal value.
- The function should round the total cost to the nearest cent.
- The function should return the total cost as a string with a dollar sign ('$') prefix.
keywords: function calculate meal total cost tax tip rate decimal 0 1 inclusive percentage positive round nearest cent string dollar sign $ prefix

query:    谁拥有 mopar
keywords: Mopar 所有者

query:    凌渡雾灯如何开
keywords: 凌渡 雾灯 开启 方法

query:    what is the job of dental assistant
keywords: dental assistant job duties

query:    John Lasseter and Mikhail Kalatozov, share which mutual occupation?
keywords: John Lasseter Mikhail Kalatozov 职业 共同

query:    尿素和熟石灰反应的化学方程式
keywords: 尿素 熟石灰 反应 化学方程式

query:    如何进一步增强疫情防控工作的统筹力度？
keywords: 疫情防控 统筹力度 增强 措施

query:    every organism on the planet tries to live and replicate, right? But viruses invade the host and kills it? Wouldn't be more logical for a virus to keep the host alive?
keywords: virus host invasion survival logic replication

query:    what are sirtuins
keywords: sirtuins definition function

query:    how much does it cost for a costco membership
keywords: Costco membership cost price

query:    who was in charge of the texas army at the alamo
keywords: Texas army Alamo commander

query:    glc屏幕亮度调节
keywords: glc 屏幕 亮度 调节

query:    基于组合CPF变换的混合低阶相位调制信号参数估计
keywords: 组合CPF变换 混合低阶相位调制信号 参数估计

query:    晨光可换墨囊钢笔盖鹿头
keywords: 晨光 可换墨囊 钢笔 鹿头笔盖

query:    唐氏筛查报告中其他都正常，但是hcg高了0.008，医生说做羊水穿刺，有点怕呀，必须做吗？
keywords: 唐氏筛查 hcg偏高 羊水穿刺 必要性

query:    In American courts, why do you have to refer to the judge as "your honor"?
keywords: American courts judge "your honor" reason

query:    where was the 1960 's tarzan tv series filmed
keywords: 1960s Tarzan TV series filming location

query:    天燃气表上有个红色按钮是什么
keywords: 天然气表 红色按钮 作用

query:    who translated the iliad into english
keywords: Iliad English translation translator

query:    who does princess mia end up marrying in the books
keywords: Princess Mia marrying books ending

query:    are rice cakes good for weight loss?
keywords: rice cakes weight loss benefits

query:    电影建国大业完整版
keywords: 建国大业 电影 完整版

query:    does old clear varnish contain lead
keywords: old clear varnish lead content

query:    如何给狗狗洗澡
keywords: 狗狗 洗澡 方法

query:    من هو أول رئيس منتخب في مصر بعد  ثورة الخامس والعشرين من يناير؟
keywords: أول رئيس منتخب مصر بعد ثورة 25 يناير

query:    请推荐一些适合春天旅行的景点，要求风景优美，气候宜人，适合家庭出游，最好可以进行户外烧烤活动。
keywords: 春季旅游景点 风景优美 气候宜人 家庭出游 户外烧烤

query:    Construct a while loop in the code to print the Fibonacci sequence up to the 100th number.
keywords: Fibonacci sequence while loop print 100th number code

query:    Write a SQL query to delete the record of a person whose id is 1234.
keywords: SQL delete record person id 1234

query:    小儿眼睑下垂现在4周岁多了是否可以进行手术治疗？术后效果估计如何？
keywords: 小儿眼睑下垂 4周岁 手术 治疗 术后效果

query:    牛津大学电子和电气工程硕士申请条件
keywords: 牛津大学 电子电气工程 硕士 申请条件

query:    中国最长的河是那条？
keywords: 中国 最长 河流

query:    Etyczne aspekty rozwoju i zastosowania sztucznej inteligencji w kontekście ochrony prywatności i danych osobowych
keywords: etyczne aspekty sztuczna inteligencja rozwój zastosowanie ochrona prywatności dane osobowe

query:    Siapakah yang tergolong konsumen?
keywords: konsumen tergolong siapa

query:    南京日立空调售后电话
keywords: 南京 日立空调 售后电话

query:    What is direct photon production?
keywords: direct photon production definition

query:    Kyle Schickner and Jerry Lewis, are of which nationality?
keywords: Kyle Schickner Jerry Lewis nationality

query:    小孩肋骨外翻
keywords: 肋骨外翻 儿童 症状 原因

query:    ভাজক টিস্যু কাকে বলে?
keywords: ভাজক টিস্যু সংজ্ঞা

query:    外壁塗装について、梅雨時期の塗装に注意すべき理由は何ですか？
keywords: 外壁塗装 梅雨時期 注意点 理由

query:    最新时尚趋势分析
keywords: 时尚趋势 最新 分析

query:    自行车脚踏后座
keywords: 自行车 脚踏 后座

query:    who played sheriff little on dukes of hazzard
keywords: Dukes of Hazzard Sheriff Little actor

query:    Je,nini maana ya Apartheid?
keywords: Apartheid maana

query:    well im in the national guard in im afraid of asking a girl out because some girls don't like dating military guys... so girls what do you girls think about dating a military guy?
keywords: dating military guys opinions girls perspective

query:    印制人民币用的钞票纸的主要原料是
keywords: 人民币 钞票纸 主要原料

query:    who is jon garland's girlfriend in softball
keywords: Jon Garland girlfriend softball

query:    who owned israel before it became a country
keywords: Israel ownership before statehood

query:    我孕28周。下缘紧贴宫颈内口。胎儿大了会长上去吗
keywords: 孕28周 下缘紧贴宫颈内口 胎儿 长上去

query:    what magazines are meant to be written for boys
keywords: magazines for boys

query:    Question: 请问《米老鼠》是哪个组合演唱的歌曲？ Dialogue History:
keywords: 米老鼠 演唱 组合

query:    Write a function to calculate the wind chill index rounded to the next integer given the wind velocity in km/h and a temperature in celsius. The function should also handle edge cases where the temperature is above 10 degrees Celsius or the wind speed is less than 4.8 km/h, as the wind chill formula is not reliable in these conditions. Additionally, the function should return a custom error message for these edge cases. 

Also, provide a piece of erroneous code that attempts to solve this problem, and explain what is wrong with it. The error should be related to incorrect handling of the edge cases.
keywords: wind chill index calculation function wind velocity km/h temperature celsius edge cases temperature above 10°C wind speed less than 4.8 km/h formula not reliable custom error message erroneous code example error handling explanation

query:    what teams does kostas play on
keywords: Kostas teams played

query:    한강은 한국에 어디에 위치해 있나요?
keywords: 한강 위치 한국

query:    What ore was found near the Beardmore Glacier?
keywords: Beardmore Glacier ore discovery

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 风格：高贵 | 风格：性感 | 图案：线条 | 裙长：连衣裙 | 裙领型：圆领 | 裙袖型：灯笼袖 | 裙款式：链条 | 裙款式：抽褶 | 裙款式：收腰
keywords: 裙 连衣裙 高贵 性感 线条图案 圆领 灯笼袖 链条 抽褶 收腰

query:    கேள்வி: 
பெரியார் பின்பற்றிய கொள்கை ………….
அ) தலையிடாக் கொள்கை
ஆ) வரிகொடாக் கொள்கை
இ) கடவுள் மறுப்புக் கொள்கை
ஈ) கடவுள் சார்புக் கொள்கை
keywords: பெரியார் கொள்கை தலையிடாக் கொள்கை வரிகொடாக் கொள்கை கடவுள் மறுப்புக் கொள்கை கடவுள் சார்புக் கொள்கை

query:    牙隐裂53例的临床诊疗体会
keywords: 牙隐裂 临床诊疗 53例 体会

query:    jersey shore family vacation how long are they in miami
keywords: jersey shore family vacation Miami duration

query:    متى توفي حافظ الأسد ؟
keywords: حافظ الأسد وفاة تاريخ

query:    who is mark casson
keywords: Mark Casson

query:    Bolsa Mexicana de Valores is the Mexican?
keywords: Bolsa Mexicana de Valores 墨西哥 证券交易所

query:    funny gifts for best friend
keywords: funny gifts best friend

query:    ใครเป็นผู้ก่อตั้งวัดโขลงสุวรรณคีรี?
keywords: ผู้ก่อตั้ง วัดโขลงสุวรรณคีรี

query:    Can you give the meaning of @xmath0 and @xmath1?
keywords: @xmath0 @xmath1 meaning definition

query:    What is the origin of the high-energy tail in black-hole binaries?
keywords: black-hole binaries high-energy tail origin

query:    what is the main food source for the messor species
keywords: messor species main food source

query:    有没有讲述中国古代民间故事的电影或者电视剧，比如《聊斋》系列，我最近对这类型的作品特别感兴趣，想要寻找类似的题材。
keywords: 中国古代 民间故事 电影 电视剧 聊斋 类似题材

query:    What did the UN Peacebuliding Commission decide on Jan 8, 2008?
keywords: UN Peacebuilding Commission decision January 8 2008

query:    教师资格认证流程是什么
keywords: 教师资格认证 流程

query:    Does selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibition prevent alveolar bone loss in experimental periodontitis in rats?
keywords: selective cyclooxygenase-2 inhibition alveolar bone loss experimental periodontitis rats

query:    Necesito un manual detallado de usuario para mi dispositivo electrónico de última generación, recientemente adquirido, que incluya no solo las funciones básicas, sino también los consejos avanzados para sacarle el máximo provecho.
keywords: manual usuario dispositivo electrónico última generación funciones básicas consejos avanzados

query:    Compose a C++ code to calculate the summation of all the perfect numbers present within the range of two specified input values.
keywords: C++ perfect numbers summation range calculate code

query:    You are given a partially implemented function that supposedly should return the mirror image of a specific character sequence. However, this function contains errors and does not return the correct output as expected.

Below is the erroneous code for reference:

```python
def mirror(s):
    i = 0
    j = len(s)
    while i<j:
        s[i], s[j] = s[j], s[i]
        i += 1
        j -= 1
    return s
```

Identify, correct these errors, and successfully implement a function that takes a string as an input and returns its mirror image, assuming that the original string will contain only lowercase and uppercase English alphabet letters and digits. For instance, the mirror image of "abc123" should be "321cba". 

Please note that your function should handle empty strings appropriately and should have adequate error checking to prevent faulty cases like None input. 

Bonus: Optimize your function so it achieves this in one pass without using any extra space.
keywords: mirror image function string reverse errors correction Python implementation

query:    show off in front of my love (my 20 old neighbor) .......what do u think is the best stunt to impress her !!!!!!!!\n\nNote: I am only SIX months old !!!!
keywords: impress love neighbor 20 years old best stunt 6 months old

query:    east india company founded in london during the reign of
keywords: East India Company founded London reign

query:    留学健康证 尿检白细胞+3
keywords: 留学健康证 尿检 白细胞+3

query:    Question: It sounds like an interesting book. some of the themes that assia djebar captures in these stories? how does she carry on the portrayals of algerian women in a way that showcases their strength and resilience, while also touching on the difficulties they face due to societal restrictions? Dialogue History: Can you elaborate on the connection between delacroix's painting and djebar's novel?
Absolutely! Both delacroix's painting "the women of algiers" and assia djebar's novel "women of algiers in their apartment" focus on the theme of algerian women in confined spaces. Delacroix's painting (created in 1834) displays a sort of exoticism—intrigue and fascination for a foreign and unfamiliar culture—by depicting algerian women in their private space, where they are hidden from the outside world.

Assia djebar's novel takes inspiration from this portrayal to dive deeper into the lives, struggles, and strength of algerian women, highlighting their experiences within these confined spaces or "harems." the term "harem" in this context refers to the separate spaces that women are restricted to, symbolizing their exclusion from public life and representation. The novel centers on stories of women from different historical periods in algeria, encompassing pre-colonial, colonial, and postcolonial eras, thereby exploring the constant theme of compartmentalization and the resistance demonstrated by these women across time.
Can you please explain the background of the novel women of algiers in their apartment written by assia djebar? i am curious about the stories it tells and how it portrays the lives of algerian women. additionally, i'd like to know the significance of the inspiration behind the book and the implications of the title with respect to the social, economic, and symbolic "harems" discussed in the book.
Sure! "women of algiers in their apartment" is a 1980 novel by algerian writer assia djebar. It consists of short stories about the lives of algerian women in the past and present. The book explores the experiences of three muslim women in pre-colonial, colonial, and postcolonial times. The title refers to the segregation of algerian women into separate spaces, like "harems." djebar was inspired by delacroix's painting, "the women of algiers," which similarly portrayed women in a confined space.
keywords: Assia Djebar Women of Algiers in Their Apartment themes Algerian women strength resilience societal restrictions portrayal

query:    Miten Vilho Armas Pentikäinen päätyi Neuvostoliiton vakoojaksi?
keywords: Vilho Armas Pentikäinen Neuvostoliitto vakooja

query:    夸老板的话有点幽默的
keywords: 夸老板 幽默 话术 技巧

query:    what county is oshkosh nebraska in
keywords: Oshkosh Nebraska county

query:    Why is there no irony in the song "Ironic"? What is irony if it's not coincidences?
keywords: Ironic song irony meaning coincidences difference

query:    Do smooth muscle cells orchestrate the endothelial cell response to flow and injury?
keywords: smooth muscle cells orchestrate endothelial cell response flow injury

query:    where is junen oil field located
keywords: junen oil field location

query:    在预算范围内，寻找一款性价比高、性能优良的游戏本，希望配置能满足大型游戏的需求，同时具有较好的散热性能和电池续航能力。
keywords: 游戏本 性价比 性能 大型游戏 配置 散热 电池续航 预算

query:    what town did goonies take place in?
keywords: Goonies filming location town

query:    Question: That's interesting! can you elaborate more on the different formats wjlb has had in the past and how they evolved? Dialogue History: Wjlb's history, including its founder and any significant changes in their programming or ownership over the years?
Wjlb is a radio station in detroit that broadcasts an urban contemporary format. The station, initially authorized as w49d, began test broadcasts on may 7, 1941, and officially started broadcasting on may 24, making it michigan's second fm radio station. The station was founded by john lord booth, a detroit native, who also owned an am station and had a major stake in "booth newspapers of michigan."

Throughout its history, wjlb has undergone multiple format and ownership changes. It changed its call sign to wlou in 1943, and it moved to different frequencies in 1945, and 1946. Over the years, its call sign shifted between wjlb-fm, wbri, and wmzk. In 1980, the wjlb call sign returned, along with an urban contemporary format from the 1400 khz am frequency.

Fm 98 wjlb emerged in the 1980s with a hybrid chr/uc format, eventually becoming a full-blown urban contemporary station by 1988. The station faced competition from other stations throughout the 1990s but still performed well.

Ownership-wise, booth american company merged with broadcast alchemy in april 1994, forming secret communications. Chancellor media acquired wjlb in august of the same year. In 1997, chancellor media and evergreen merged to form amfm, inc., which was later purchased by clear channel communications in november 1999. Wjlb and sister station wmxd have been under the clear channel banner, now iheartmedia, ever since.

In 2017, the station rebranded as "97.9 wjlb", aligning with iheart's "real"-branded urban stations. The station has gradually shifted its playlist towards more modern hip-hop and younger audiences in the last decade.
keywords: WJLB 历史 格式 演变 变迁 过去 不同 形式

query:    中国人寿增持广发银行的金额是多少？
keywords: 中国人寿 增持 广发银行 金额

query:    What promotes not only the peace of mind but also peace in the community?
keywords: peace mind community promote

query:    what was the last year hummer h2 was made
keywords: Hummer H2 last production year

query:    How to the astronauts and everyone on the International Space station have oxygen?
keywords: International Space Station oxygen supply astronauts

query:    分娩时情况我是9。24号下午生的孩子，25号下午小便时感觉疼痛。结果发现大阴唇里侧被划破有两厘米长口子？该怎么治疗？
keywords: 分娩 大阴唇 划破 两厘米 口子 治疗

query:    Question: How does ones' complement arithmetic in 36-bit systems compare to two's complement arithmetic used nowadays? Dialogue History: Could you explain more about the base and index registers in the 2200 series?
Certainly! In the 2200 series architecture, base registers are logical registers that contain a virtual address pointing to a word in a code or data bank, which is essentially a segment in the system's memory. They can point either to the beginning of the bank or to any word within it.

Index registers, on the other hand, are used in conjunction with base registers to modify the offset of the specified or assumed base register. Index registers support simple arithmetic operations, such as addition and subtraction, and consist of an upper increment portion and a lower offset portion.

When an instruction utilizes an index register, it can both use the offset value and specify that the increment is to be added to the offset. This design feature allows loops to be executed with fewer instructions, as incrementing the index by the step size can be done without a separate instruction.

By using base and index registers together, the 2200 series architecture efficiently handles memory addressing, enabling it to perform complex calculations and manage memory access effectively.
Can you give me an overview of the os 2200 system and its major hardware and software components?
Of course! The os 2200 system is a high-level architecture that consists of major hardware and software components. The majority of the unisys software can be found in the subsystems and applications area of the model. Database managers are an example of subsystems, while compilers are considered applications.

The 1100 series, the predecessor to the 2200 series, has been using a 36-bit word with 6-bit characters since 1962. This design choice addressed the need for processing 10-digit positive and negative numbers and providing at least 8 digits of accuracy for various military and engineering applications. The 6-bit character set, called fieldata, was mandated by the department of defense (dod) and defined by the army signal corps. Additionally, the 1108 introduced a 9-bit character format to support ascii and later iso 8-bit sets.

The 2200 series architecture offers several registers: base registers, index registers, arithmetic registers, and r registers. Base registers point to a word in a code or data bank, while index registers modify the offset of the base registers. Arithmetic registers handle the full set of computational instructions, including floating-point operations. R registers are utilized as fast temporary storage and for specific functions, such as holding repeat counts.

The architecture features two full sets of registers: the user registers (used by applications and most operating system portions) and the exec registers (utilized by interrupt processing routines and other parts of the os that require fast context switching).
keywords: 36-bit systems ones' complement arithmetic two's complement arithmetic comparison

query:    Do girls actually cum?
keywords: girls cum female orgasm

query:    The Venetians had control of which two islands in the 15th century?
keywords: Venetians control 15th century islands

query:    Refine the intricacy of the computational problem:

Develop a test question for coding that is prone to errors. Create function `find_maximum_sum`, which aims to compute the highest sum from elements of an array, given the conditions that the elements involved in the summing process are neither adjacent nor share a divisor higher than 1. Compliment this with auxiliary functions: `pairwise_coprime`, that validates if any pair of values from the stated subarray does not share a common divisor beyond 1, and `no_adjacent_elements`, which scrutinizes for the absence of any adjacent components between the specified indexes. 

Remember to ensure your functions successfully handle these examples:

- `find_maximum_sum([8, 4, 6, 15, 5])` should yield `23` (total of 8, 15).
- `find_maximum_sum([20, 15, 3, 4, 5, 11, 8])` should yield `39` (total of 20, 3, 11).

```python
def pairwise_coprime(array: list, start: int, end: int) -> bool:
    """ Validate if all couples of elements in subarray do not possess a joint divisor exceeding 1."""
    # Craft your solution here
    pass

def no_adjacent_elements(array: list, start: int, end: int) -> bool:
    """ Ascertain if there are zero adjacent components present between start and end index."""
    # Craft your solution here
    pass

def find_maximum_sum(array: list) -> int:
    """ Compute the maximum viable total of a subarray wherein no pair of components are either adjacent or 
    possess a mutual divisor exceeding 1, utilizing the `no_adjacent_elements` and `pairwise_coprime` auxiliary 
    functions.
    """
    # Craft your solution here
    pass
```
keywords: find_maximum_sum array maximum sum non-adjacent elements pairwise coprime coding test question error prone

query:    Generate a polynomial regression model with multiple categorical independent variables and handle missing values and outliers in the dataset.
keywords: polynomial regression model categorical independent variables missing values outliers handling

query:    猫成年多久
keywords: 猫 成年 时间

query:    ما هو الجرافيت ؟
keywords: الجرافيت تعريف

query:    Cauzele complexe care au dus la izbucnirea Revoluției Franceze și rolul jucat de diferite clase sociale în această perioadă tumultuoasă.
keywords: Revoluția Franceză cauze complexe izbucnire rol clase sociale

query:    who uses the long term care facilities in the usa
keywords: long term care facilities USA users demographics

query:    What type of cuisine does the hotel's restaurant serve?
keywords: hotel restaurant cuisine type

query:    Quels sont les différents types de cyclisme?
keywords: cyclisme types différents

query:    how often should you strength train to build muscle
keywords: strength training frequency muscle building

query:    Cé hé Peter Jackson?
keywords: Peter Jackson 导演 作品

query:    Necesito aprender a programar en Python para analizar datos científicos, ¿dónde puedo encontrar tutoriales detallados que me guíen paso a paso?
keywords: Python programación analizar datos científicos tutoriales detallados paso a paso

query:    How exactly does rubbing alcohol kill germs/bacteria?
keywords: rubbing alcohol kill germs bacteria mechanism

query:    ولایت پنجاب هند در چه منطقه جغرافیایی قرار دارد؟
keywords: ولایت پنجاب هند منطقه جغرافیایی

query:    when did they add ai n 't to the dictionary
keywords: AI n't dictionary added when

query:    اين توجد مدينة قم؟
keywords: مدينة قم موقع

query:    Які були основні події та відкриття, що відбулися під час Ренесансу у Італії?
keywords: Ренесанс Італія основні події відкриття

query:    BaTiO3基PTCR陶瓷材料的Sol-Gel制备方法的改进
keywords: BaTiO3 PTCR 陶瓷 Sol-Gel 制备 方法 改进

query:    Ermenegildo Pistelli is a practitioner of what study of historical language?
keywords: Ermenegildo Pistelli  practitioner  historical language study

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 版型：宽松 | 颜色：绿色 | 风格：日系 | 图案：刺绣 | 衣样式：开衫
keywords: 上衣 宽松 绿色 日系 刺绣 开衫 商品描述

query:    机场t3值机
keywords: 机场 T3 值机

query:    what is the labor cost to frame a log home
keywords: log home framing labor cost

query:    How much does the Cyber Security Cooperation Program cost?
keywords: Cyber Security Cooperation Program cost

query:    Here we give the details of the calculation of the proximity-induced amplitudes.
keywords: proximity-induced amplitudes calculation details

query:    糖尿病患者饮食注意事项
keywords: 糖尿病 饮食 注意事项

query:    小孩补维生素吃什么
keywords: 小孩 补充 维生素 食物

query:    三个字的水果名
keywords: 水果 三个字 名称

query:    生物多样性保护的措施与政策
keywords: 生物多样性 保护 措施 政策

query:    who sings how do u talk to an angel
keywords: how do u talk to an angel singer

query:    buying stock what does limit price mean
keywords: limit price meaning stock buying

query:    Can you write a Python program to solve the following equation and give the value of X?
12 - 3*X + 2*(5*X - 8) = 25
Hint: You may use the "sympy" library in Python for solving algebraic equations.
keywords: Python solve equation 12 - 3*X + 2*(5*X - 8) = 25 sympy

query:    Is uSA300 the predominant genotype causing Staphylococcus aureus septic arthritis in children?
keywords: USA300 Staphylococcus aureus septic arthritis children predominant genotype

query:    Do exosomes secreted by human-induced pluripotent stem cell-derived mesenchymal stem cells attenuate limb ischemia by promoting angiogenesis in mice?
keywords: exosomes human-induced pluripotent stem cell mesenchymal stem cells limb ischemia angiogenesis mice

query:    脚十宣放血的注意事项
keywords: 脚十宣 放血 注意事项

query:    what does it mean when a baby shakes?
keywords: baby shaking meaning causes

query:    全世界人们每年如何感染艾滋病毒
keywords: 艾滋病 感染 途径 每年 全球

query:    幼儿园小孩摔倒了怎么处理
keywords: 幼儿园 小孩 摔倒 处理 方法

query:    为什么mpv不受欢迎
keywords: mpv 不受欢迎 原因

query:    Which motorway crosses the original Severn Bridge?
keywords: Severn Bridge motorway crosses

query:    右方乳房侧面有肿块，腋窝方向，以前是触碰才疼，现在不触碰都疼，就洗澡的时候，解下内衣就疼，去医院检查说没问题。
keywords: 右乳房 侧面 肿块 腋窝 触碰疼 持续疼痛 洗澡 解内衣 医院检查 正常

query:    Какие политические процессы тесно связаны с урбанизацией?
keywords: политические процессы урбанизация связь

query:    怎样使手机玩不了游戏
keywords: 手机 禁用 游戏 方法

query:    who is sumie oinuma
keywords: sumie oinuma

query:    how fertile are you at 35?
keywords: fertility 35 years old

query:    What were the purposes of the ritual baths (mikvaot) discovered along the route between Beersheba and Jerusalem?
keywords: mikvaot ritual baths purposes Beersheba Jerusalem route discovery

query:    holospira what is it
keywords: holospira 是什么

query:    Suggest a way to identify and remove duplicate elements from the list. The list contains a mixture of integers, strings, and nested lists. You should only consider two elements as duplicates if they have the same value and the same type, and for nested lists, the order of elements should also be considered for duplicates.

Additionally, consider implementing the solution using recursion rather than iteration.
keywords: remove duplicate elements list integers strings nested lists same value same type order considered recursion implementation

query:    People getting red light camera/speed camera tickets
keywords: red light camera speed camera tickets

query:    what was the first british boy scout organisation
keywords: first British boy scout organisation

query:    when is tornado season in the united states
keywords: tornado season United States timing

query:    In which decade did the Tennessee legislature institute a poll tax?
keywords: Tennessee legislature poll tax decade enacted

query:    Does coronary artery overexpansion increase neointimal hyperplasia after stent placement in a porcine model?
keywords: coronary artery overexpansion neointimal hyperplasia stent placement porcine model

query:    when was the procedure for pectus excavatum invented
keywords: pectus excavatum procedure invented when

query:    Why doesn't tinfoil get hot in the oven?
keywords: tinfoil oven heat resistance

query:    does drinking water help you lose weight faster?
keywords: drinking water weight loss faster

query:    Is urinary Bladder Relaxation through Activation of Imidazoline Receptors Induced by Agmatine Increased in Diabetic Rats?
keywords: urinary bladder relaxation imidazoline receptors agmatine diabetic rats

query:    Question: How does jay eventually react to gloria's pregnancy news? Dialogue History: Was dylan allowed to live with the dunphy family?
In this episode, after haley's prom night, she asks if her boyfriend dylan can stay with the dunphy family for a few weeks. Dylan can't afford an apartment alone, and he plans to stay with haley before she goes to college. Claire is reluctant, and she refuses the request initially.

Dylan tries to guilt claire into letting him stay by describing his terrible alternate living arrangements, such as sleeping in his cousin's garage. The episode does not provide a definitive conclusion to dylan's situation or whether he's allowed to stay with the family. However, the storyline demonstrates claire's reaction to dylan's request and the challenges of parenting as children transition into adulthood.
How did ed o'neill's performance in this episode lead to an emmy nomination?
Ed o'neill, who portrayed jay pritchett in modern family, submitted this episode, "bringing up baby," for consideration for his role in the episode. His performance in the episode, which showcased his character's emotions and reactions to various challenges, such as his birthday, unwanted fishing trip, and the unexpected news about his wife's pregnancy, must have impressed the emmy voters. This led to his nomination for the primetime emmy award for outstanding supporting actor in a comedy series at the 65th primetime emmy awards.
The plot of the first episode of the fourth season of modern family?
"bringing up baby" is the first episode of the fourth season of modern family, where jay celebrates his 65th birthday. He just wants a quiet day, but phil, shorty, and miles kidnap him for a fishing trip. During the trip, jay falls into the water, and phil punches him to calm him down.

Cam and mitch struggle with their decision not to adopt a second baby, and lily asks about her new baby brother. They tell her she won't have one, and she requests a kitten instead. At an animal shelter, the couple gets agitated due to the paperwork required and leaves.

Gloria struggles to tell jay about her pregnancy. She first tells manny, who believes jay won't react well. Manny becomes concerned about jay not caring about him once the new baby arrives, making him reluctant to leave for poetry camp.

At the dunphy house, claire deals with haley's request to have dylan stay with them since he can't afford his own apartment. Claire refuses but is pressured by dylan's alternative living arrangements. Claire, excited about gloria's pregnancy, warns jay to react positively to big news.
keywords: Modern Family season 4 episode 1 Jay reaction Gloria pregnancy news Emmy nomination Ed O'Neill

query:    when was drag harlan made in the movie
keywords: Drag Harlan movie release date

query:    我在哪里可以在克利夫兰附近租一辆卡车和一辆拖车
keywords: 克利夫兰 附近 租卡车 租拖车

query:    某公司已经公开发行了一批债券，但由于经营不善，无法按时支付本息，违反了债券募集办法的规定。该公司是否还能再次公开发行公司债券？
keywords: 公司债券 违约 再次公开发行 条件 募集办法 违反

query:    José Mário Sperry, a Brazilian heavyweight mixed martial artist, trained a retired Brazilian mixed martial artist who in submission wrestling, he holds an undefeated record of what?
keywords: José Mário Sperry 训练 退役 巴西 MMA 选手 降服式摔跤 不败 纪录

query:    中國首批國家級非物質文化遺產名錄在什麼時候加入了菊花會？
keywords: 中国 国家级非物质文化遗产名录 首批 菊花会 加入 时间

query:    为什么感染会发臭
keywords: 感染 发臭 原因

query:    in california how long after the court date will we receive our notification
keywords: California court date notification timeline

query:    Is pD-L1 promoter methylation a prognostic biomarker for biochemical recurrence-free survival in prostate cancer patients following radical prostatectomy?
keywords: pD-L1 promoter methylation prognostic biomarker biochemical recurrence-free survival prostate cancer radical prostatectomy

query:    Who wrote the play 'Rosencrantz and Guildenstein Are Dead'?
keywords: Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead play author

query:    工业废水处理技术有哪些？
keywords: 工业废水 处理技术 方法

query:    who played seymour in last of the summer wine
keywords: last of the summer wine seymour actor

query:    Does acute renal failure lead to dysregulation of lung salt and water channels?
keywords: acute renal failure lung salt water channels dysregulation

query:    Who has never shown support for ambitious renewable energy goals?
keywords: never supported ambitious renewable energy goals

query:    大宝sod蜜可以擦脸吗
keywords: 大宝SOD蜜 擦脸 使用方法

query:    i 'm sorry i have n 't a clue correspondent from north wales
keywords: correspondent North Wales clue apology

query:    how long does a hard inquiry impact your credit score
keywords: hard inquiry credit score impact duration

query:    do non contact voltage testers work?
keywords: non contact voltage testers work

query:    I have this problem : Binary Tree Node Swap Game with Depth Limitation
Description are as below: Two players play a turn based game on a binary tree. We are given the `root` of this binary tree, the number of nodes `n` in the tree, and the maximum depth `d` for swapping. `n` is even, and each node has a distinct value from `1` to `n`. The depth of a node is the number of edges from the node to the tree's root node. A node's depth is `0` if it is the root.

Initially, the first player names a value `x` with `1 <= x <= n`, and the second player names a value `y` with `1 <= y <= n` and `y != x`. The first player swaps the node with value `x` with its parent node, and the second player swaps the node with value `y` with its parent node.

Then, the players take turns starting with the first player. In each turn, that player chooses a node of their swapped node (node with value `x` if player 1, node with value `y` if player 2) and swaps it with an unswapped neighbor of the chosen node (either the left child, right child, or parent of the chosen node.) However, the depth of the swapped node cannot exceed `d`.

If (and only if) a player cannot choose such a node in this way, they must pass their turn. If both players pass their turn, the game ends, and the winner is the player that swapped more nodes.

You are the second player. If it is possible to choose such a `y` to ensure you win the game, return `true`. If it is not possible, return `false`.

Example 1:
Input: root = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12], n = 12, x = 3, d = 3
Output: true
Explanation: The second player can choose the node with value 2.

Constraints:
`root` is the root of a binary tree with `n` nodes and distinct node values from `1` to `n`.

`n` is even.

`1 <= x <= n <= 100`

`1 <= d <= height of the tree`
keywords: Binary Tree Node Swap Game Depth Limitation algorithm solution

query:    what is samcro
keywords: samcro

query:    word换行后和上一行不对齐
keywords: word 换行 对齐 问题 解决

query:    Question: 这部作品中，刘慈欣对于这个透明世界的描绘能体现出他的作品特点吗？ Dialogue History: 《镜子》这本书的基本信息是什么？
《镜子》的基本信息如下：
- 作者：刘慈欣
- 类别：小说
- 出版社：中国工人出版社
- 出版时间：2015年12月01日
- 页数：306页
- 定价：29.00元
- 开本：32开
- 装帧：平装
- isbn：9787500862710
- 用纸：胶版纸
请告诉我一下刘慈欣的作品《镜子》的主要内容是什么？
《镜子》讲述了一种名为超弦计算机的模拟技术。这种计算机拥有强大的运算能力，足以模拟出不同宇宙的创生及其后的所有事物。因此，我们所在宇宙的模型也被模拟出来。利用这个模型，人类的过去、现在与未来都将暴露在控制计算机的人面前。世界将变得完全透明，所有的黑暗都无处可藏。而故事的主线就围绕着这个伟大的镜像时代展开，思考在这样一个透明世界中，罪恶是否真的会消失。
keywords: 刘慈欣 《镜子》 透明世界 描绘 作品特点

query:    成龙超级警察1
keywords: 成龙 超级警察1 电影

query:    交通标志有哪些
keywords: 交通标志 种类 分类

query:    身体发困无力发困多睡觉脑梗治疗老年人身体发困无力是什么原因如何治疗？（
keywords: 老年人 身体发困 无力 原因 治疗 脑梗

query:    歌星演唱时戴的耳机有什么用
keywords: 歌星 演唱 耳机 作用

query:    spss多因素方差分析步骤
keywords: SPSS 多因素方差分析 步骤

query:    什么水果里含维生素c
keywords: 水果 维生素C 含量

query:    క్రింద ఇచ్చిన పద్యానికి ప్రతిపదార్ధం మరియు తాత్పర్యం ఇవ్వండి:
ఆ|| జగతి జహ్ను తనయ యగుట నిగ్గంగ జా
హ్నవి యనంగ బరఁగు నవనిలోనఁ
ద్వత్తనూజ యగుటవలన భాగీరథి,
యనఁ జరించు లోకమున నృపాల !
keywords: క్రింద పద్యం ప్రతిపదార్ధం తాత్పర్యం జగతి జహ్ను తనయ గంగ జాహ్నవి భాగీరథి

query:    威海曙光男科医院正规吗sina
keywords: 威海曙光男科医院 正规 资质

query:    Who painted 'Women of Algiers', sold at auction for a record $160m in 2015?
keywords: Women of Algiers painting auction 2015 $160m record sold

query:    what did the dardanelles campaign medal mean
keywords: Dardanelles campaign medal meaning significance

query:    Nhiều người lo ngại trân châu trong trà sữa có chất gây ung thư, điều này đúng hay sai?
keywords: trân châu trà sữa chất gây ung thư đúng sai

query:    金悍马有什么副作用吗？金悍马有什么副作用吗？金悍马有什么副作用吗？金悍马有什么副作用吗？金悍马有什么副作用吗？
keywords: 金悍马 副作用

query:    我想知道哪些食物对心血管健康有好处，比如可以降低胆固醇、减少动脉粥样硬化的食物
keywords: 心血管健康 食物 降低胆固醇 减少动脉粥样硬化

query:    在妇幼保健院可以做药流吗需要多少钱
keywords: 妇幼保健院 药流 费用 价格

query:    护照编号几位数
keywords: 护照编号 位数

query:    双色球几点开奖呢
keywords: 双色球 开奖时间

query:    什么职级被认为是高级官员
keywords: 高级官员 职级 认定

query:    avenger whelen
keywords: avenger whelen

query:    Write a shell script to monitor the usages of CPU and RAM.
keywords: shell script monitor CPU RAM usage

query:    Question: That's interesting! could you elaborate more on the categories of design guidance, project management, and operations and maintenance? Dialogue History: I'm working on a construction project and i've come across a reference to the whole building design guide (wbdg). can you help me understand what it is, its history, how it's organized, and how it might be useful for professionals in the building industry?
Absolutely! The whole building design guide, also known as wbdg, is a comprehensive internet resource that provides a wide range of building-related design guidance, criteria, and technology to professionals in the united states. It helps in the creation of high-performance buildings by promoting an integrated design and team approach throughout all project phases, including planning, design, construction, operations, and maintenance. The wbdg is managed by the national institute of building sciences.

The wbdg was initially developed to serve the u.s. Department of defense (dod) construction programs. In 2003, a dod memorandum named it the “sole portal” for design and construction criteria produced by several u.s. Military branches. Since then, it has expanded to serve all building industry professionals, including those from the private sector.

Information on wbdg is drawn from the construction criteria base and a privately owned database run by information handling services. The content is organized into three main categories: design guidance, project management, and operations and maintenance. The structure provides visitors with both a broad understanding of building design and increasingly specific information tailored toward industry professionals.

Federal agencies often rely on wbdg for policy and technical guidance on federal high performance and sustainable buildings. Moreover, it offers online tools, building information modeling (bim) guides and libraries, case studies, federal mandates, and other valuable resources. The wbdg also provides over 70 free online continuing education courses for architects and other building professionals.

Development of the wbdg is a collaborative effort involving federal agencies, private sector companies, non-profit organizations, and educational institutions. Funding support comes from various sources, including the dod, u.s. Army corps of engineers, u.s. Air force, and others. The development process is guided by a board of direction and an advisory committee consisting of representatives from over 25 participating federal agencies.
keywords: WBDG design guidance project management operations maintenance categories

query:    Which song from Joseph And The Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat gave Jason Donovan a number one hit single in 1991?
keywords: Joseph And The Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat Jason Donovan 1991 number one hit single song

query:    生物基塑料
keywords: 生物基塑料

query:    what is pacific time in gmt
keywords: Pacific Time GMT conversion

query:    谷物杂粮和豆浆的食物可以混合吃吗？
keywords: 谷物杂粮 豆浆 混合食用

query:    What kind of athlete does om Taylor and Martin Hawke, 7th Baron Hawke have in common?
keywords: Taylor Hawke athlete common

query:    How is the daylight period in the same rough time regardless of where the earth is in its rotation of the sun? Shouldn't night and day switch places time-wise as we go around?
keywords: daylight period constant earth orbit rotation night day seasonal variation axial tilt

query:    What's a festive recipe for Chocolate Fondue?
keywords: chocolate fondue festive recipe

query:    寄件打印机怎么用
keywords: 寄件打印机 使用方法

query:    Kuinka Suomen historialliset kauppasuhteet Länsi-Euroopan maiden kanssa vaikuttivat maan taloudelliseen kehitykseen 1800-luvun lopulla?
keywords: Suomen historialliset kauppasuhteet Länsi-Euroopan taloudellinen kehitys 1800-luku loppu

query:    This former BBC royal reporter proved popular with the public, finishing as runner-up in the third series of the reality TV show I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! in 2004.
keywords: BBC royal reporter runner-up I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here 2004

query:    why didn't Hitler invade England after bombing it for weeks.
keywords: Hitler invade England bombing weeks reasons

query:    are monkey orchids real
keywords: monkey orchids real

query:    我家宝已经５个月大了（混合喂养，主要是吃奶粉），但还是常常吐奶。他吃奶的时候很急，总是一口气就吃完了，常常吃的满头大汗。240ML的奶10分钟左右就吃完了，如果奶嘴的奶眼大了，都用不了十分钟。大便和鼻涕一样
keywords: 婴儿 5个月 混合喂养 奶粉 吐奶 吃奶急 奶嘴 奶眼 大便 鼻涕状

query:    นโยบายนวัตกรรมการศึกษาของรัฐบาล
keywords: นโยบาย นวัตกรรม การศึกษา รัฐบาล

query:    我家宝宝嗓子亚四十八天他还不爱喝白开水怎么办
keywords: 宝宝 嗓子哑 四十八天 不爱喝 白开水 怎么办

query:    Какие государства входят в Содружество наций?
keywords: Содружество наций государства члены

query:    Question: What were the consequences and after-effects of the south west africa campaign on both the german and south african sides? Dialogue History: I would like to know more about the strategies and tactics utilized by south african forces during the campaign. how did generals louis botha and jan smuts plan and execute their operations to successfully invade and occupy german south west africa?
Generals louis botha and jan smuts employed a combination of strategies and tactics to ensure the successful invasion and occupation of german south west africa.

Firstly, they secured the home front by suppressing the boer revolt, ending potential internal threats before focusing on the external conflict. This allowed them to commit their resources and manpower fully to the invasion.

With the home front secure, botha took command of the northern forces, while smuts led the southern forces. The northern contingent, led by botha, built up its invasion force at walfish bay, a south african enclave along the coast. By march 1915, they began their invasion by advancing along the swakop valley and its railway line, capturing key locations and entering the capital, windhuk, on 5 may 1915.

At the same time, smuts landed with another force at the south west africa colony's naval base, luderitzbucht. After securing the town, his forces pushed inland and captured keetmanshoop, meeting with two other columns that had advanced from south african border towns.

Botha and smuts employed tactics that ensured rapid movement and coordination among their forces. Many of their commanders gained experience fighting in boer commandos and utilized their skills to outmaneuver german forces. They effectively severed the german colony in half and pursued multiple columns, eventually forcing the german surrender at khorab.
Could you give me a summary about the south west africa campaign and the background that lead to it? i am also interested in knowing more about the boer revolt, and what was lieutenant-colonel manie maritz's role in it. finally, could you elaborate on the combat between german and south african forces, including key battles, and the overall outcome of the campaign?
The south west africa campaign refers to the conquest and occupation of german south west africa during the first world war by forces from the union of south africa, acting on behalf of the british imperial government. As the war began in europe, south african officials, including prime minister louis botha, recognized the importance of their border with the german colony. South africa committed to defend itself and launch an invasion if necessary.

The boer revolt occurred due to considerable sympathy within the boer population of south africa towards germany, stemming from the second boer war. In this war, germany had offered unofficial support to the two boer republics fighting against the british empire. Lieutenant-colonel manie maritz, who headed commando forces on the border, declared his support for the german cause and gathered around 12,000 rebels in the transvaal and orange free state. The revolt was eventually suppressed by south african government forces led by generals louis botha and jan smuts.

During the campaign, key battles included the battle of sandfontein, which the germans won but allowed the british survivors to return to their territory, and the battle of kakamas, in which south africans prevented the germans from crossing the orange river. After securing the home front, south african forces successfully invaded and occupied german territory, with botha and smuts leading separate forces. The campaign ended with the german surrender at khorab on 9 july 1915.
keywords: South West Africa campaign consequences after-effects German South African sides

query:    What is the name of Bill and Hilary Clinton's daughter?
keywords: Bill Clinton Hilary Clinton daughter name

query:    考研英语词汇书籍推荐
keywords: 考研英语 词汇 书籍 推荐

query:    我想问一下，6年前有过一次引产，当时怀孕4个多月，分娩时医生看得出来吗
keywords: 引产 6年前 怀孕4个月 分娩 医生 判断

query:    我正在寻找一本关于19世纪英国文学的书籍，最好是夏洛蒂·勃朗特的作品，我希望能深入了解那个时代的社会结构和女性地位。
keywords: 夏洛蒂·勃朗特 19世纪 英国文学 社会结构 女性地位 书籍

query:    Joe Sims played in what series that focused on the death of an 11-year-old boy?
keywords: Joe Sims 出演 系列剧 11岁男孩 死亡 主题

query:    Question: 那么圣诞节时，为什么人们可以亲吻站在槲寄生植株下的人呢？ Dialogue History: 以前听说槲寄生具有药效和魔力，这是真的吗？
在古代，人们确实相信槲寄生具有药效和魔力，尤其是生长在圣树栎树上的槲寄生。然而，这些观念主要来源于传统的民间信仰和迷信。现代科学研究已经证实，虽然某些槲寄生植物可能具有一定的药用价值，但并没有证据支持其具有魔力。因此，我们应该以科学的态度来看待这些传统观念。
说起有毒的浆果，这种浆果具体有什么危害呢？
槲寄生的白色浆果含有有毒成分，如果误食可能会引起生理上的不适，如恶心、呕吐、腹泻等症状。在严重的情况下，可能导致中毒。因此，在与槲寄生接触时要格外小心，避免误食这些有毒的浆果，特别是要注意小孩和宠物的安全。
感谢解答！那么在圣诞节，我们看到的那种槲寄生植物是哪一种呢？
圣诞节装饰中常见的槲寄生是v album（欧洲槲寄生）。它分布在整个欧亚大陆，是一种淡黄常带绿色的常绿灌木，高度在0.6到0.9米之间。这种植物生长在寄主树的枝条上，具有茂密、分杈、下垂的枝条；叶子是革质的，花色淡黄，还结有有毒的白色浆果。
首先来个简单的，槲寄生是属于哪个科的植物？
槲寄生（mistletoe）是属于桑寄生科和槲寄生科的半寄生绿色植物。槲寄生科主要包括槲寄生属、美洲寄生子属和油杉寄生属等植物。这些植物可以生长在其他植物的枝条上，吸收寄主的水分和养分。
我想请教你关于槲寄生这类植物的问题。
你好！很高兴为你解答关于槲寄生的问题。请告诉我，你想知道关于槲寄生的哪方面内容呢？
keywords: 圣诞节 槲寄生 亲吻 传统 原因

query:    如何制作奶黄馅
keywords: 奶黄馅 制作方法

query:    do you need visa for new zealand from usa?
keywords: USA New Zealand visa requirements

query:    Question: 我听说酒店在2019年收到了限期整改的通知，是什么情况？ Dialogue History: 请问酒店有官方联系电话么？
是的，上海龙之梦大酒店的官方电话是+86-21-61159988。您可以通过这个电话号码与酒店取得联系，了解更多酒店信息以及预订相关事宜。
酒店房间总数多少间？
上海龙之梦大酒店共有511间客房。这些客房可以满足不同类型客人的需求，包括商务人士、度假游客和家庭旅行。
能告诉我酒店离机场和火车站分别有多远吗？
当然可以。上海龙之梦大酒店距离机场约9.6公里，距离火车站约8公里。这意味着，为前往其他城市的旅客和在上海接受航班的客人提供了便捷的交通。
酒店的房间设施有哪些？
酒店的房间设施包括24小时热水和卫生间。这些基本设施使得客人拥有一个舒适便利的住宿环境，在旅行或商务活动后得到良好的休息。
酒店开业是哪一年？
上海龙之梦大酒店在2005年10月28日开业。自那时起，它已经为众多入住的客人提供了舒适的住宿环境。
请问上海龙之梦大酒店位于哪里？
上海龙之梦大酒店位于上海市延安西路1116号。这个位置是在市中心的延安西路上，周围交通便利，方便游客在游览上海时入住。
keywords: 上海龙之梦大酒店 2019年 限期整改 通知 情况

query:    who was joeo tudela
keywords: Joe Tudela biography

query:    Question: 你觉得网络红人的存在是好事还是坏事？ Dialogue History: 张小奈为什么这么成功？
张小奈之所以成功，其实有很多方面。首先，她拥有非常好的外貌和身材条件，这是成为模特的基础。其次，她的工作努力程度也是非常高的，不断的参加各种选美比赛和代言活动，不断提升自己的知名度和影响力。此外，她还非常有自己的特色，有一些独特的魅力，让她更加受到大众的喜爱和关注。
张小奈有哪些认证或者代言过什么？
张小奈有很多认证，包括淘宝认证美容服饰达人、网易认证美容时尚达人、19楼认证时尚达人、凡客诚品明星达人、搜狐博客认证达人等等。她也曾经代言过大型网游《仙蛇传ol》等等。
张小奈有哪些个人特点和背景？
张小奈出生于浙江省，汉族。她的主要职业是模特。身高很高，达到了4050px，体重很轻，只有42kg，并且三围比例为78，60，82。她崇拜的人包括鲁霁文、宋明高、王立康等等。
张小奈获得过哪些荣誉和奖项？
张小奈曾在2012年的天猫靓妆频道全国美妆大赛中获得12强，在搜道中国网模大赛中获得季军，并且还获得过moffi国际时尚女装正式签约协议和网模包装推广计划等荣誉和奖项。
张小奈代表作品都有哪些？
张小奈曾参加过多个综艺节目，比如《一站到底》，《开心大买卖》，《厨星高照》，《美人新计》，《爱上聚划算》，《生活gogogo》等等。她还曾参演过一些影视作品，比如《爱是一根针》，《爱，很美》等等。
你听过张小奈吗？
是的，张小奈是一位中国知名的网络红人和模特。她在2012年的美妆大赛以及搜道中国网模大赛中都获得了很高的成绩。她还曾经代言大型网游和参加淘女郎选美比赛等活动。
keywords: 网络红人 存在 好事 坏事 评价

query:    I have a sound blaster audigy 2 but I've had nothing but problems with it. I get alot of back noise when i record using it. I'm not sure if there is somthing wrong with the card or if its just a bad card to plug my equitment into. dose any one know of a good sound card for recording music?
keywords: sound blaster audigy 2 problems noise recording good sound card for music recording

query:    sc 51b ケース
keywords: sc 51b ケース

query:    加拿大的海岸线有多长
keywords: 加拿大 海岸线 长度

query:    做完包皮手术后多久可以同房
keywords: 包皮手术 同房 恢复时间

query:    Difficulty clicking on icons to enter commands might indicate trouble with your GUI, this kind of interface
keywords: GUI 图标 点击 困难 命令 输入 问题 界面

query:    where was princes end branch railway located
keywords: Princes End Branch Railway location

query:    when did adelaide crows win there last premiership
keywords: Adelaide Crows last premiership win date

query:    Why do author's bios at the back of books tell you where they live?

I'm just curious, what is the point of including this type of information? Does anyone know how this tradition got started/ why it continues?
keywords: author biography book back residence location purpose tradition origin

query:    HI. I am learning English right now. I got a quetion while I was watching a drama called "The war at home"\nLet me put down the converstion between two chracters.\n\nA:and as I recall, you were a pretty fast learner.\n\nB:yeah, well, when the whole thing last a minute and a half  you have to learn fast.\n\nWhat the hell does "the whole thing last a minute and a half" means? It's a kind of idiom or what?\nI think it doesn't grammtically make sense at all.\nPlease help me out.. English is really...difficutl for me to learn by myself.
keywords: "the whole thing last a minute and a half" meaning idiom explanation The war at home drama

query:    How many households were the offices of Qianhu in charge of?
keywords: Qianhu offices households in charge

query:    warminster pa 在哪里
keywords: Warminster PA 位置

query:    While in prison, this "Pilgrim's Progress" author supported his family by making shoelaces
keywords: Pilgrim's Progress author prison shoelaces family support

query:    You are given a Python string that contains multiple pairs of parentheses. Write a function that removes the pairs of parentheses and the words inside them, as well as any whitespace immediately before or after the parentheses. The function should return the resulting string with all the removed parentheses and words.

For example, if the input string is: 'This (is a sample) string with (nested parentheses) and (another pair) of parentheses'

The expected output should be: 'This string with and of parentheses'

Ensure that your solution can handle multiple pairs of parentheses in the string.
keywords: Python 字符串 括号 移除 内部单词 前后空格 函数 示例 多对括号 处理

query:    叶绿素对口臭有用吗
keywords: 叶绿素 口臭 功效 作用

query:    Elizabeth Blackwell alizaliwa wapi?
keywords: Elizabeth Blackwell alizaliwa

query:    如何培养小学生预习习惯
keywords: 小学生 预习习惯 培养方法

query:    中国四大古都
keywords: 中国 四大古都

query:    How do compression shorts and compression tights help athletes?
keywords: compression shorts compression tights benefits athletes

query:    is sales tax on vehicles personal property
keywords: sales tax vehicles personal property

query:    起義後餘東璇負責什麼任務？
keywords: 餘東璇 起義 任務 負責

query:    veri gizliliği düzenlemeleri
keywords: veri gizliliği düzenlemeleri

query:    老人心脏房颤，左手没有知觉，有没有治疗左手的办法，比如说怎么按摩
keywords: 老人 心脏房颤 左手 没有知觉 治疗 按摩 方法

query:    What year was the 2007 AFI Best supporting actress winner born?
keywords: 2007 AFI Best Supporting Actress winner birth year

query:    funda xiaomi redmi note 8
keywords: funda xiaomi redmi note 8

query:    Πώς οι νόμοι περί πνευματικής ιδιοκτησίας εφαρμόζονται στις διαδικασίες διενέργειας πειράματος για την ανάπτυξη νέων φαρμάκων;
keywords: πνευματική ιδιοκτησία νόμοι εφαρμογή πειράματα ανάπτυξη νέα φάρμακα

query:    县是爱荷华州是尤宁维尔
keywords: 爱荷华州 尤宁维尔 县

query:    雷电的危害主要有
keywords: 雷电 危害 主要

query:    ซัมซุง อิเล็คทรอนิคส์ เป็นบริษัทของประเทศใด ?
keywords: ซัมซุง อิเล็คทรอนิคส์ บริษัท ประเทศ

query:    中国有哪些祭祀礼仪？
keywords: 中国 祭祀礼仪 种类

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 风格：性感 | 图案：撞色 | 裙长：连衣裙 | 裙衣门襟：系带 | 裙款式：拼接 | 裙款式：勾花镂空
keywords: 裙 连衣裙 性感 撞色 系带 拼接 勾花镂空

query:    can lanzoprozole cause fatigue
keywords: lanzoprozole fatigue side effects

query:    What is the largest mall in the carolinas?
keywords: largest mall Carolinas

query:    我是上个月28号停经的
keywords: 停经 上个月 28号

query:    what is 2 day park hopper ticket?
keywords: 2 day park hopper ticket

query:    宿迁新生儿医保卡办理流程
keywords: 宿迁 新生儿 医保卡 办理 流程

query:    如何做阳春面
keywords: 阳春面 做法 制作方法

query:    ما هو مذهب الحجاج في الحكم وكيف يتعامل مع الخارج على السلطان؟
keywords: الحجاج مذهب الحكم التعامل الخارج على السلطان

query:    北京市中小学校和托幼机构开学前应做哪些准备工作？
keywords: 北京市 中小学校 托幼机构 开学前 准备工作

query:    月经来了可以跳绳1000个吗
keywords: 月经 跳绳 1000个 影响 注意事项

query:    Who is the leader of the Bash Street Kids?
keywords: Bash Street Kids leader

query:    Książki o współczesnym społeczeństwie Ameryki
keywords: książki współczesne społeczeństwo Ameryka

query:    英雄联盟选完区上不去
keywords: 英雄联盟 选区 无法登录 连接问题

query:    《武尊少林》這部電視連續劇全劇共多少集？
keywords: 武尊少林 电视剧 集数

query:    吃东西后牙根刮舌
keywords: 吃东西 牙根 刮舌 原因 处理

query:    香港有哪些综艺节目？
keywords: 香港 综艺节目 推荐

query:    شخصیت اول داستانهای شرلوک هولمزچه خصیصه هایی دارد؟
keywords: شرلوک هولمز شخصیت اول ویژگی‌ها

query:    如何缓解腘绳肌紧绷引起的腰痛
keywords: 腘绳肌 紧绷 腰痛 缓解 方法

query:    Does ginsan enhance humoral antibody response to orally delivered antigen?
keywords: ginsan humoral antibody response oral antigen enhancement

query:    what percentage of recycled tissue is used in wrapping tissue
keywords: recycled tissue percentage wrapping tissue

query:    吃生板栗可以补肾吗？
keywords: 生板栗 补肾 功效

query:    What was jockey Harry Wragg's nickname
keywords: Harry Wragg nickname jockey

query:    Do tNFα and IL-1β influence the differentiation and migration of murine MSCs independently of the NF-κB pathway?
keywords: tNFα IL-1β influence differentiation migration murine MSCs independent NF-κB pathway

query:    Sempurnakanlah penggalan teks di bawah ini agar menjadi paragraf yang koheren sesuai topik yang disediakan.

Topik: Deskripsi Koperasi.

Koperasi adalah badan usaha yang dimiliki dan dijalankan oleh anggotanya untuk memenuhi kebutuhan bersama di ...
keywords: Koperasi deskripsi lengkap paragraf koheren

query:    oral medication for rheumatoid arthritis
keywords: rheumatoid arthritis oral medication

query:    ショーン・マイケルズの代表技はなんですか？
keywords: ショーン・マイケルズ 代表技

query:    清华大学
keywords: 清华大学

query:    who banned the use of the english hymnal after its publication
keywords: English Hymnal banned use publication

query:    个人理财产品有哪些
keywords: 个人理财 产品 种类

query:    Hãy viết một đoạn văn ít nhất 200 chữ dựa trên nội dung được nói tới trong câu sau: Đằng sau chuyện khát lao động diện rộng nhiều ngành, chuyên gia lý giải | Báo Dân tríHãy hoàn thiện đoạn văn sau: Startup đầu tiên xuất hiện ở tập 9 chương trình Thương vụ bạc tỷ (Shark Tank Việt Nam) là AirCity của nhà sáng lập Lê Hoàng Nhật. Đây là startup cung cấp dịch vụ quản lý tòa nhà trọn gói bằng nền tảng công nghệ. AirCity quản lý việc check in - check out cho khách, hợp đồng, các sự cố, thu hộ - chi hộ, phát hành hóa đơn, bảo trì bảo dưỡng tòa nhà, giám sát định kỳ, vệ sinh và tổng hợp thu chi cho chủ nhà… Theo nhà đồng sáng lập Lê Hoàng Nhật - AirCity giải quyết 3 "nỗi đau" của chủ nhà hiện tại về vấn đề nhà cho thuê. Thứ nhất là vấn đề tài chính vì một số người thuê thường bỏ cọc, trốn cọc hoặc thậm chí gây mất mát tài sản. Thứ 2 hai là về vấn đề tinh thần khi chủ nhà phải túc trực 24/7 chăm sóc cho cư dân, khách trọ, cũng như quản lý vấn đề nhân sự. Thứ 3 là khó khăn của chủ nhà trong việc mở rộng quy mô kinh doanh vì 2 vấn đề nêu trên. Chia sẻ về startup của mình, Hoàng Nhật cho biết, AirCity hiện đang giúp 12 đối tác quản lý 40 tòa nhà với hơn 500 căn hộ dịch vụ
keywords: AirCity startup quản lý tòa nhà công nghệ Shark Tank Việt Nam Lê Hoàng Nhật dịch vụ trọn gói nỗi đau chủ nhà

query:    ما هي أول كتابة في التاريخ؟
keywords: أول كتابة التاريخ

query:    فرق بین اکوتوریسم و طبیعت گردی در چیست؟
keywords: اکوتوریسم طبیعت گردی تفاوت

query:    胆结石 胆囊结石能不能消瘦
keywords: 胆结石 胆囊结石 消瘦 影响

query:    why use hedge funds
keywords: hedge funds 优势 用途

query:    牙科保险的最大受抚养年龄
keywords: 牙科保险 最大受抚养年龄

query:    Как правильно установить натяжной потолок своими руками?
keywords: натяжной потолок установка своими руками правильно

query:    Question: I would like some information about the alpina b7, its development, and the features that separate it from the standard 7 series bmw. Dialogue History:
keywords: Alpina B7 development features difference standard BMW 7 Series

query:    Minä vuonna Virkkalan kalkkitehdas suljettiin?
keywords: Virkkalan kalkkitehdas suljettu vuosi

query:    华为mate9是双卡双待吗
keywords: 华为mate9 双卡双待

query:    Je,herufi ngapi katika alfabeti ambayo haitumiki katika lugha ya kiswahili?
keywords: alfabeti herufi haitumiki Kiswahili

query:    when is best time to plant begonias
keywords: begonias planting time best

query:    car carriers rooftop without rack
keywords: car rooftop carriers without rack

query:    Is type IV phosphodiesterase inhibitor effective in prevention and treatment of experimental crescentic glomerulonephritis?
keywords: type IV phosphodiesterase inhibitor efficacy prevention treatment experimental crescentic glomerulonephritis

query:    Does wuling san ameliorate urate under-excretion and renal dysfunction in hyperuricemic mice?
keywords: wuling san 改善 尿酸排泄不足 肾功能障碍 高尿酸血症 小鼠

query:    北京治疗白塞氏病医院
keywords: 北京 白塞氏病 医院 治疗

query:    余世维简介
keywords: 余世维 简介

query:    凤县如何将创建活动与创建全国文明城市相结合？
keywords: 凤县 创建活动 全国文明城市 结合

query:    climbing guide book
keywords: climbing guide book

query:    「錫得尼街之圍」發生在哪一個月份?
keywords: 錫得尼街之圍 發生 月份

query:    Could you translate this snippet to C++?
import java.util.*;
import java.lang.*;

class Solution {
   public List<String> allPrefixesAndSubstrings(String string) throws IllegalArgumentException {
        if (string == null || string.length() == 0){
            throw new IllegalArgumentException("Input cannot be null or empty");
        }

        List<String> result = new ArrayList<>();
        String[] words = string.split("\\s+");
        StringBuilder prefix = new StringBuilder();
        for (String word : words) {
            prefix.append(word).append(" ");
            StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder();
            for (int i = 0; i < word.length(); i++) {
                sb.append(word.charAt(i));
                result.add(sb.toString());
            }
            result.add(prefix.toString().trim());
        }

        result.sort((s1, s2) -> s1.length() - s2.length());
        
        return result;
    }

    public static void main(String[] args) {
        Solution solution = new Solution();
        System.out.println(solution.allPrefixesAndSubstrings("abc def"));
    }
}
keywords: Java C++ 代码转换 translate snippet

query:    What name is given to the festival that is held in the Valencian town of Buñol, Spain, in which participants throw tomatoes and get involved in this tomato fight purely for fun. It is held on the last Wednesday of August.?
keywords: Buñol tomato fight festival La Tomatina Spain Valencia last Wednesday August

query:    متى ولد محمد بلحسن ؟
keywords: محمد بلحسن تاريخ ميلاد

query:    苯丙酮尿症的小孩能吃什么食物，像红薯，小米，荞面，玉米面，黄米，花生，葵花等可以吃吗？
keywords: 苯丙酮尿症 儿童 饮食 食物 红薯 小米 荞面 玉米面 黄米 花生 葵花 可食用

query:    how much data does 1 hour skype call use?
keywords: Skype call data usage 1 hour

query:    i have to phone her and tell her im moving to anouther branch in the company !! since i have been there out sales have gone throught he roof and i think the will be annoyed as well as hurt what do i say!!! help!!
keywords: phone tell moving another branch company sales increased annoyed hurt what to say

query:    What are the effects of a finite box size in cosmological N-body simulations?
keywords: cosmological N-body simulations finite box size effects

query:    what is your cough center
keywords: cough center function definition

query:    who was freddie lincoln
keywords: Freddie Lincoln

query:    Is invertase Suc2-mediated inulin catabolism regulated at the transcript level in Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
keywords: invertase Suc2 inulin catabolism transcript level regulation Saccharomyces cerevisiae

query:    宫外孕都有什么症状，引起宫外孕的原因是什么？
keywords: 宫外孕 症状 原因

query:    are cows gods in india?
keywords: cows gods India

query:    What are the color themes for the wedding reception party?
keywords: wedding reception color themes

query:    氢氧化钾和氯气在加热状况下的反应方程式
keywords: 氢氧化钾 氯气 加热 反应方程式

query:    What were some of the notable missions the Cutter Bear has been involved in during its service?
keywords: Cutter Bear missions service history notable

query:    Когда Черновцы был основан?
keywords: Черновцы основание дата

query:    rrxuan马油皂
keywords: rrxuan 马油皂

query:    When were the Spanish dollar and Mexican peso no longer accepted as legal tender?
keywords: Spanish dollar Mexican peso legal tender discontinued date

query:    Question: 费楼村附近有阿房村和邀帝城。它们是否也与药盒子遗址有关系？ Dialogue History: 你好！我最近在研究一些有趣的遗址，请问你对药盒子有了解吗？
你好！我对药盒子有一定的了解。药盒子位于江苏省徐州市丰县宋楼镇费楼村，它其实是一个地名而非物名。药盒子是一个典型的毫无规则的大土坑，这个土坑与道教创立者张道陵有关系。张道陵祖居于费楼村，传说他在四川鹤鸣山中得道成仙。因此他的故居周围的一草一木、一砖一瓦都被认为是具有仙气的圣物。据说，当地人们在患病时会到张道陵的旧居前，取一些土煎水服用，相信可以治百病。所以这个地方被叫做“药盒子”。这个土坑至今仍然存在，显示历代口碑相传张道陵故里之说是有根据的。
keywords: 费楼村 阿房村 邀帝城 药盒子遗址 关系

query:    what did kevin spacey do?
keywords: Kevin Spacey career filmography achievements

query:    Когда был написан рассказ «Уби́йство на у́лице Морг»?
keywords: рассказ Убийство на улице Морг написан когда

query:    Is epCAM a putative stem marker in retinoblastoma and an effective target for T-cell-mediated immunotherapy?
keywords: EpCAM stem marker retinoblastoma T-cell-mediated immunotherapy target

query:    Ijọba ipinlẹ Ọṣun kede igbele nijọba ibilẹ mẹrin
keywords: Ijọba ipinlẹ Ọṣun igbele ijọba ibilẹ mẹrin

query:    kmplayer 只打开一个
keywords: kmplayer 单实例 只打开一个

query:    Apa pendapat Anda tentang karakter baru di game Fortnite dan bagaimana dia mempengaruhi gameplay?
keywords: Fortnite karakter baru gameplay pengaruh

query:    What role does hydrogen play in the interstellar medium?
keywords: hydrogen role interstellar medium

query:    what international team did herbert oble play for
keywords: Herbert Oble international team

query:    what cats can't purr
keywords: cats cannot purr

query:    耳机进水
keywords: 耳机 进水 处理 维修

query:    Изследвания за ползите от растителната диета върху устойчивостта на екосистемата и човешкото здраве.
keywords: изследвания ползи растителна диета устойчивост екосистема човешко здраве

query:    1521년에 아즈텍 제국의 수도 테노치티틀란이 스페인의 정복자 에르난 코르테스에 의해 함락된 이 사건은 어떤 영향을 미쳤을까요?
keywords: 1521년 아즈텍 제국 수도 테노치티틀란 함락 에르난 코르테스 정복 영향

query:    how long should brake rotors last
keywords: brake rotors lifespan duration

query:    In recent few years new data from the TJNAF on the elastic scattering were reported. What is the data include?
keywords: TJNAF elastic scattering data recent years

query:    舞蹈艺术风格通常是指舞蹈中表现出来的独特的情感、动作和节奏特点，每种风格都有其独特的历史背景和文化内涵。例如，芭蕾舞是一种非常古老且优雅的舞蹈风格，它起源于意大利文艺复兴时期，并逐渐演变为现代的芭蕾舞。而现代舞则更加注重舞蹈家的个人表达和自由创意。此外，民族舞蹈因其强烈的地域特色和民族风情而受到人们的喜爱。
keywords: 舞蹈艺术风格 芭蕾舞 起源 意大利文艺复兴 现代舞 个人表达 自由创意 民族舞蹈 地域特色 民族风情

query:    Was Michael Crafter known for being a guitarist in a heavy metal band like Matt Heafy was?
keywords: Michael Crafter guitarist heavy metal band Matt Heafy

query:    what is used to break down food during chewing
keywords: break down food chewing

query:    Question: Louise bourgeois' early life and what influenced her art. Dialogue History:
keywords: Louise Bourgeois 早期生活 艺术影响

query:    can ammonium be mobilised through soil to water
keywords: ammonium mobilization soil water

query:    Talooyinka dhaqaale ee muhiimka ah ee lagu barto si looga hortago ergo wanaagsan iyo biyo ku filan marka loo qaado ergo aad u xidhiidh
keywords: Talooyinka dhaqaale muhiimka ah ergo wanaagsan biyo ku filan ergo xidhiidh hortagid

query:    how did douglas wilson gain prominence
keywords: Douglas Wilson prominence rise

query:    When was Locke born?
keywords: Locke birth date

query:    Aravaan ") is a 2012 Indian Tamil epic historical fiction that is the debut as a music director of a trained Carnatic music vocalist who was an ardent fan of who?
keywords: Aravaan 2012 Indian Tamil epic historical fiction music director debut Carnatic music vocalist fan

query:    Onko Codex Eyckensis Belgian vanhin kirja?
keywords: Codex Eyckensis Belgian vanhin kirja

query:    Missä kaupungissa Camdenin perhe asuu Seitsemän taivas -sarjassa?
keywords: Camdenin perhe asumispaikka Seitsemän taivas -sarja

query:    where was the british colony founded by sir sir joseph banks
keywords: British colony founded Sir Joseph Banks

query:    Qual è l'estensione territoriale della provincia di Carbonia-Iglesias?
keywords: Carbonia-Iglesias provincia estensione territoriale

query:    حق تکثیر نرم افزار
keywords: حق تکثیر نرم افزار

query:    when was gunnar wasberg born
keywords: Gunnar Wasberg born date

query:    makeup brushes
keywords: makeup brushes

query:    广东省地名大全
keywords: 广东省 地名 大全

query:    What member of Celestial navigations has worked on over 450 gold and platinum albums including "21"?
keywords: Celestial navigations member 450 gold platinum albums "21"

query:    What happens when a cetacean, like a whale or dolphin, accidentally inhales water?

Humans experience "dry drowning" when we inhale a [very little amount of water into our lungs](https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/323520.php). How do cetaceans survive breathing with their blowhole only inches from the surface of the water? Do they have a respiratory system that can filter out the water?
keywords: cetacean whale dolphin inhale water respiratory system blowhole survival mechanism

query:    twinrix vaccine how long does it last
keywords: twinrix vaccine duration effectiveness

query:    What is the only thing recycled papers can be made from?
keywords: recycled paper materials source only

query:    who 's winning the alabama clemson football game
keywords: Alabama Clemson football game score winner

query:    搞辆货车拉货怎么样
keywords: 货车 拉货 运输 方案

query:    เดอะซิมป์สันส์ ออกอากาศครั้งแรกที่ช่องใด ?
keywords: เดอะซิมป์สันส์ ออกอากาศครั้งแรก ช่อง

query:    pocket pussy
keywords: pocket pussy

query:    儿童水痘用什么药
keywords: 儿童 水痘 用药 治疗

query:    Create an array of ten unique random numbers between 1 and 100, where each number must be divisible by 3, not divisible by 5, and not a prime number.
keywords: array ten unique random numbers 1 100 divisible by 3 not divisible by 5 not prime

query:    how long till an egg hatches?
keywords: egg hatch time duration

query:    What's the deal with this badger cull?
keywords: badger cull controversy purpose impact

query:    财政部、税务总局为加大对药品和疫苗研发的支持免收哪些项目的注册费？
keywords: 财政部 税务总局 药品 疫苗 研发 支持 免收 注册费 项目

query:    我国篮球文化研究的现状及展望
keywords: 篮球文化 研究 现状 展望 中国

query:    what is the difference between a variable and fixed rate loan?
keywords: variable fixed rate loan difference

query:    who plays christine in life of the party
keywords: Christine Life of the Party actress

query:    Do sequence analyses of the distal-less homeobox gene family in East African cichlid fishes reveal signatures of positive selection?
keywords: distal-less homeobox gene family sequence analyses East African cichlid fishes positive selection signatures

query:    vpliv sponzorstva na avstralsko motorsportno praznovanje
keywords: sponzorstvo vpliv avstralski motorsport praznovanje

query:    최초의 월드컵 개최국은 어디인가?
keywords: 최초 월드컵 개최국

query:    Question: Which notable guests have stayed at the tarpon inn throughout its history? Dialogue History: That's interesting! how did the tarpon inn manage to survive multiple natural disasters and continue operating? what were some measures taken during its construction to make it more resilient?
The tarpon inn faced multiple challenges, including fire and hurricanes, which contributed to its adaptations and resilience over time. After the original building was destroyed by fire in 1900, two new buildings were constructed, but one was demolished by a hurricane in 1919. The second, smaller building was repaired and used as a hotel until 1926.

When james m. Ellis bought the property in 1923 and constructed the current building in 1925, he took measures to make the structure more resistant to future hurricanes. One significant step was to reinforce the foundation by sinking dozens of pine poles into 16 to 20 feet of concrete. These long poles were integrated into the building's design, extending up through the attic, with the roof anchored to them. This structural enhancement provided additional strength and stability, making the building more resilient against destructive winds and storm surges.

After hurricane celia damaged the inn in 1970, ellis sold the property to a new owner who recognized its historical and cultural value. They repaired the structure, reopening it in 1975 as a popular destination once again. With its well-implemented hurricane-resistant features, improved maintenance, and a strong connection to the area's history, the tarpon inn has successfully navigated challenges posed by natural disasters and continues to be an iconic landmark in port aransas, texas.
A brief history of the tarpon inn located in port aransas, texas, and its significance in the area?
The tarpon inn, a historic hotel in port aransas, texas, first opened its doors in 1886. It was named after the tarpon sport fish, which attracted many anglers to the seaside city. The original building was constructed using surplus materials from an old civil war barracks but was destroyed by fire in 1900. Subsequent constructions faced damage by a hurricane in 1919, and in 1923, james m. Ellis purchased the property. He built the current structure in 1925, incorporating features for greater resilience against hurricanes.

In 1970, the ellis family sold the inn after hurricane celia caused damage to the property, and it was restored and reopened in 1975. Today, the tarpon inn is a popular destination for tourists, business travelers, and fishermen. Listed on the national register of historic places, its lobby boasts over 7,000 tarpon scales signed by anglers, including a scale signed by franklin d. Roosevelt.
keywords: Tarpon Inn notable guests history

query:    Who developed the Mind Palace technique of memorization?
keywords: Mind Palace technique memorization developed

query:    the term 'wetware' was first used in what genre of literature
keywords: wetware first used genre literature

query:    what do you call the red dot on forehead
keywords: red dot forehead name meaning

query:    ariah name meaning
keywords: ariah name meaning

query:    Какие симптомы и характеристики связаны с образом лихорадки в славянской мифологии?
keywords: лихорадка симптомы характеристики образ славянская мифология

query:    What is not a Congolese export?
keywords: Congolese export not

query:    Question: If someone watched the movie back then, is it possible that their information is still stored somewhere or has it been deleted? and why was the film taken offline in 2018? Dialogue History: I'm also curious about how the film's title is related to the storyline. What's the connection there?
The film's title, "take this lollipop," was derived from the 1963 song "please little girl take this lollipop," written and performed by singer-songwriter bobby jameson. This song is also used in the film. The title connects to a common warning given by parents to their children: to avoid taking candy or lollipops from strangers. This warning underlines the potential danger associated with interacting with unfamiliar people.

In the context of the film, the title serves as a metaphor for the dangers of sharing personal information with strangers online, particularly on social media platforms like facebook. The facebook stalker character represents the potential threat one could face by giving strangers access to personal data. By accepting the "lollipop" of the film (granting access to one's facebook profile), the viewer unwittingly invites the stalker into their digital and real-world space, highlighting the peril attached to disclosing too much information online.
It's so creepy how take this lollipop film used our facebook profiles to create a horror story specifically for each viewer. how the director came up with the idea and how it was executed using facebook connect?
Certainly, the director, jason zada, was inspired by his love for horror films from his youth, his experience as a digital editor, and his understanding of the dangers posed by sharing personal information on the internet. He wanted to create a project that would unsettle people without relying on explicit gore or violence, and by making it personal to the viewer.

The film, take this lollipop, is an interactive short film that uses facebook connect, a technology that allowed developers to access viewers' facebook data. When viewers granted temporary access to their facebook account, the application extracted information such as pictures and messages to incorporate into the film's storyline.

The film features bill oberst jr. As 'the facebook stalker', a creepy man who becomes increasingly agitated as he scrolls through the viewer's profile. He eventually finds the viewer's home using location data from their profile, and drives to their location seemingly with malicious intent.

By integrating the viewer's personal information into the film, zada was able to create a unique experience for each individual, making the horror more intimate and effective. This chilling approach underscores the dangers of sharing too much personal information online and serves as a cautionary tale.

The success of the project can be attributed to the innovative concept, zada's passion for horror and his digital experience, and bill oberst jr.'s immersive performance as the unsettling facebook stalker.
keywords: Take This Lollipop 电影 用户信息 存储 删除 2018 年 下线 原因

query:    早上起来鼻干口燥的是怎么回事
keywords: 早上 鼻干 口燥 原因

query:    成年大象的体重
keywords: 成年大象 体重

query:    ما هي أهم اكتشافات كريستوفر كولومبوس؟
keywords: كريستوفر كولومبوس اكتشافات مهمة

query:    What animation studio founded in 2002 produced the television series El Chavo Animado?
keywords: El Chavo Animado animation studio founded 2002

query:    深圳sat补习班哪个好
keywords: 深圳 SAT 补习班 推荐 哪个好

query:    who is the highest paid player in baseball
keywords: highest paid baseball player

query:    什么是波兰综合症
keywords: 波兰综合症 定义 症状 病因

query:    Сколько человек в одной команде по регби?
keywords: регби команда количество человек

query:    采用广义Hoek-Brown准则反算滑坡岩体强度
keywords: 广义Hoek-Brown准则 反算 滑坡 岩体强度

query:    Question: 尼曼-马库斯集团和古德曼之间的关系是什么？ Dialogue History: 尼曼-马库斯公司以什么特色而闻名？
尼曼-马库斯公司以供应不寻常的商品为特色，尤其是迎合富人们要求的奢侈和奇特的礼品（包括骆驼和中国的舢板船）。同时，他们也为中等收入的顾客提供更多标准的选择。这种独特的商品组合使得尼曼-马库斯公司在百货市场中具有较高的声望。
请告诉我尼曼-马库斯公司的创建时间和创始人是谁？
尼曼-马库斯公司（neiman-marcus）成立于1907年，创始人是马库斯（marcus）、他的姐姐及其丈夫尼曼（neiman）。这家公司起初是在美国达拉斯创建的。这家公司是美国知名的百货连锁店。
keywords: 尼曼-马库斯 古德曼 关系

query:    Make a program to display the maximum, minimum and average of numbers in a list
[1,2,3,4,5]
keywords: list numbers maximum minimum average program display

query:    假设你有一个一岁的女儿，写一封信给她，以备不测之事发生时，当她15岁时将会收到这封信。
keywords: 一岁女儿 信 15岁 不测之事 备用信

query:    固态硬盘可以在什么电脑上安装
keywords: 固态硬盘 安装 兼容电脑 型号

query:    who has more entertainment prowell Pierre Bouvier:or Jello Biafra
keywords: Pierre Bourier Jello Biafra entertainment prowl more

query:    四川省对承担援助生活物资调出任务的企业如何补偿？
keywords: 四川省 援助 生活物资 调出任务 企业 补偿 政策

query:    采血持针器
keywords: 采血持针器

query:    飘香型火锅底料的配方
keywords: 飘香型 火锅底料 配方

query:    where is fay from in personal call
keywords: Fay personal call origin

query:    Design a function in JavaScript to return the index of the second last positive element in an array, but with the added constraints that you cannot use the built-in array methods indexOf() or lastIndexOf(), and you must also account for the possibility that the array may contain non-integer elements. The array will contain a mix of positive and negative integers, as well as non-integer elements. For example, given the array [4, -2, 'abc', 5.5, 0, -1], the function should return the index of the second last positive integer element, which in this case would be 0.
keywords: JavaScript function index second last positive element array no indexOf lastIndexOf non-integer elements

query:    Write an email to acknowledge the receipt of the customer's inquiry about a new line of fitness bikes.
keywords: email acknowledge receipt customer inquiry fitness bikes

query:    价格礼品包装服务
keywords: 礼品包装 服务 价格

query:    沙皮狗有多重
keywords: 沙皮狗 体重 重量

query:    What are the two vocations of Frank Larry?
keywords: Frank Larry vocations two

query:    how much are data overage charges?
keywords: data overage charges cost

query:    怀孕期间吃狗肉会影响胎儿吗
keywords: 怀孕 吃狗肉 胎儿 影响

query:    精神病怀孕
keywords: 精神病 怀孕 影响 注意事项

query:    What is the consequence of playing out of turn in the game?
keywords: playing out of turn consequence game

query:    Does hyperbaric Oxygen Treatment protect Against Spinal Cord Injury by Inhibiting Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress in Rats?
keywords: hyperbaric oxygen treatment spinal cord injury protection endoplasmic reticulum stress inhibition rats

query:    一只酸奶牛加盟费多少
keywords: 一只酸奶牛 加盟费 多少

query:    ktv枱燈led
keywords: KTV 枱燈 LED

query:    Kuka oli Hollannin ensimmäinen kuninkaallinen?
keywords: Hollannin ensimmäinen kuningas

query:    基于Newton-Raphson功率不匹配的电流注入潮流控制
keywords: Newton-Raphson 功率不匹配 电流注入 潮流控制

query:    during the french revolution, what law imposed price controls
keywords: French Revolution price controls law

query:    what team did leroy keyes play for
keywords: Leroy Keyes team played

query:    వారణాసిలో ఏ నది ప్రవహిస్తుంది?
keywords: వారణాసి నది

query:    龙眼干功效
keywords: 龙眼干 功效 作用

query:    Determine the second biggest value in the list without using any built-in sorting functions. Additionally, you should implement the solution in a single line of code.

#Erroneous Reference Code#
```python
def second_biggest(lst):
    return max(lst)
```

#Rewritten Test#
keywords: second biggest value list without built-in sorting functions single line implementation

query:    How many years of service must be performed to receive the ribbon created by the first United States Secretary of Defense?
keywords: United States Secretary of Defense ribbon service years requirement

query:    How do I invest in a business that I think is going to do very well, but is still privately owned and pretty new?

(Throwaway account, seems like an embarrasingly dumb question)

At this point I feel like losing my own money on my own lessons would be more useful than paying professionals who out-credential me. There's a new business in my city, I like what they're doing, and I have saved up an amount of spare change that I can write off as a total loss if all goes bad, that I would like to invest in them.

How do I best go about doing this? Never done it before.
keywords: invest privately owned new business startup investment

query:    Quanti sistemi bibliotecari sono presenti nella provincia di Monza e della Brianza?
keywords: sistemi bibliotecari provincia Monza Brianza quanti

query:    The male lead of the show Singer & Sons was nominated for Emmy Awards how many times?
keywords: Singer & Sons male lead Emmy Awards nominations

query:    who sits in the government of queensland
keywords: Queensland government members

query:    派出所不给开户籍证明怎么办
keywords: 派出所 户籍证明 不开 办理 解决方法

query:    What was one method used to entirely eliminate Jewish populations?
keywords: Jewish populations elimination methods

query:    Some attribute this nickname of the city to its proud, boasting citizens, not its breeziness
keywords: city nickname proud boasting citizens breeziness origin

query:    Escreva uma continuação para esse parágrafo- Tanto no romance quanto no filme, o nome da família do casal é Rose, e o título é uma alusão às batalhas entre as Casas de York e Lencastre
keywords: Escrever continuação parágrafo romance filme família Rose título alusão batalhas Casas York Lencastre

query:    下列不属于空肠结构特点的是
keywords: 空肠 结构特点 不属于

query:    Do closely related Campylobacter jejuni strains from different sources reveal a generalist rather than a specialist lifestyle?
keywords: Campylobacter jejuni strains related sources generalist specialist lifestyle

query:    Latest gadgets and electronics review
keywords: latest gadgets electronics review

query:    Question: 加拉德特大学如何为聋哑人和听觉障碍者服务？ Dialogue History: 美国第一所免费的聋哑学校是如何得到国会的支持的？
当加拉德特决定在康乃狄克州哈特福特创建美国第一所免费的聋哑学校时，他提交了一份关于学校建设的提案。国会看到了这个计划的重要性，认为聋哑教育对这些群体和整个社会都具有巨大价值。经过审议和讨论，国会决定拨地支持这所学校的建设。这样一来，聋哑学校可以占有一席之地，并为聋哑人和听觉障碍者提供免费的教育。
他在英国和法国学到了什么？
在英国和法国游学期间，加拉德特学到了手语交谈法。这种方法对于教育聋哑人和听觉障碍者非常重要，因为它为他们提供了有效沟通的手段。这种手语交谈法对聋哑教育产生了深远的影响，让他们能够融入社会，学习知识和技能。这也为加拉德特后来创建聋哑学校和培训聋哑人教师提供了基础。
请问加拉德特是谁？
加拉德特（thomas hopkins gallaudet，1787-1851年）是美国教育界的慈善家，他对聋哑人教育做出了巨大贡献。1805年在耶鲁毕业后，他曾在英国和法国游学，学到了手语交谈法。在1816年，加拉德特在康乃狄克州哈特福特成功创建了美国第一所免费的聋哑学校，得到国会的支持。该校用了50多年的时间为聋哑人教师提供了培训，并以加拉德特的名字命名了一所专为聋哑人和听觉障碍者设立的加拉德特大学。
keywords: 加拉德特大学 聋哑人 听觉障碍者 服务

query:    md297j日版有锁能解吗
keywords: md297j 日版 有锁 解锁

query:    do you get a notification when someone views your tiktok?
keywords: TikTok profile views notifications

query:    Given an erroneous code below, debug and modify it to solve the following problem: 
Find the last 10 digits of the result of raising a large number (for instance, 2 to the power of 1000) without using the built-in power function or logarithms. Consider implementing and using a custom-made power function for this purpose. 

Note: The program should be efficient enough to solve the task for large exponent values in a reasonable timeframe. 

#Erroneous Code#:

```python

def power(base, exp):
    if exp == 0:
        return 1
    else:
        return base * power(base, exp - 1)

num = 2
exp = 1000

print(str(power(num, exp))[-10:])

```
keywords: Python 大数幂运算 最后10位 自定义幂函数 调试 优化 算法效率

query:    What is the capital of Austria
keywords: Austria capital

query:    how long is janice pennington on price is right
keywords: Janice Pennington Price Is Right tenure duration

query:    how many color episodes of tales of wells fargo
keywords: Tales of Wells Fargo color episodes number

query:    where is sint maarten located
keywords: Sint Maarten location

query:    What shows the same image of two objects with differing emissivity?
keywords: emissivity comparison two objects same image

query:    How come when you take a picture of your computer screen on a cell phone/digital camera all the pixels show up?

Even when  looking at the screen on the digital camera it seems clear, but as soon as you take the picture, boom, pixels everywhere?
keywords: computer screen photo cell phone digital camera pixels visible

query:    For seamless connection of multimodal transport, where are many large airports located?
keywords: large airports location multimodal transport seamless connection

query:    jerome preston bates played derek frye in which us tv soap opera
keywords: Jerome Preston Bates Derek Frye US TV soap opera

query:    全国代表大会几年一次
keywords: 全国代表大会 召开周期 几年一次

query:    What Danish former football player, manager and licensed agent led the FC Bayern Munich team during their 1991-92 season from 9 October to 11 March?
keywords: Danish former football player manager licensed agent FC Bayern Munich 1991-92 season 9 October 11 March led

query:    最近总是失眠什么原因？
keywords: 失眠 原因 最近

query:    Apakah singkatan dari MIDI?
keywords: MIDI singkatan

query:    what happened to hannah's dad?
keywords: Hannah's dad what happened

query:    where is bos tower located
keywords: bos tower location

query:    李小龙练武术
keywords: 李小龙 武术 练习

query:    who wrote the csárdásfürstin?
keywords: csárdásfürstin 作者 作曲

query:    安新县房价？
keywords: 安新县 房价

query:    孕酮多少正常
keywords: 孕酮 正常值 范围

query:    What was New Haven's last professional sports team?
keywords: New Haven professional sports team last

query:    www.uk post code lottery contact telephone number
keywords: UK postcode lottery contact telephone number

query:    Is increased production of 17beta-estradiol in endometriosis lesions the result of impaired metabolism?
keywords: 17beta-estradiol production increased endometriosis lesions impaired metabolism

query:    大排畸跟四维彩超是一样的吗？
keywords: 大排畸 四维彩超 区别 一样

query:    Mikä on Puula -järven pinta-ala?
keywords: Puula -järvi pinta-ala

query:    what does it mean when you dream about kissing your boyfriend?
keywords: dream interpretation kissing boyfriend meaning

query:    汽车发动机压缩比越大越好吗
keywords: 汽车发动机 压缩比 影响 优劣

query:    Write a Java program to find the second most frequent character in a string, but the program must ignore any whitespace characters in the input string.
String: "Hello World!"
keywords: Java program find second most frequent character string ignore whitespace characters

query:    What was the name of the pop-up exhibition organised by street artist Banksy in a disused lido at Weston-Super-Mare? It was open to the public for a short time in Autumn 2015.
keywords: Banksy Weston-Super-Mare lido pop-up exhibition 2015 Autumn

query:    手机免费剪辑视频的软件不带水印
keywords: 手机 视频剪辑 软件 免费 无水印

query:    Construct an SQL command to retrieve every single attribute from a data table designated as 'products' within a relational database where the product classification corresponds to 'Electronics' and the date of manufacture predates '2010-01-01'.
keywords: SQL 查询 products 表 所有属性 Electronics 分类 生产日期 早于 2010-01-01

query:    慢性前列腺炎 半小时
keywords: 慢性前列腺炎 半小时 症状 影响

query:    怎样做母亲节贺卡
keywords: 母亲节贺卡 制作方法

query:    為什麼男主角騙姐姐說要去看菊花？
keywords: 男主角 骗 姐姐 菊花 原因

query:    what is houcheng
keywords: houcheng

query:    Which digital replacement for analog video standards is one of the connectors Japan Aviation Electronics Industry, Ltd. specializes in?
keywords: Japan Aviation Electronics Industry digital replacement analog video standards connectors

query:    Peter Rabbit is a 2018 film based on the character by what English writier, illustrator, natural scientist, and conservationist?
keywords: Peter Rabbit 2018 film based on character English writer illustrator natural scientist conservationist

query:    伯爵车是什么牌子
keywords: 伯爵车 品牌

query:    唐宋变革的政治制度
keywords: 唐宋变革 政治制度

query:    You are tasked with implementing a simplified version of a serialization and deserialization process using Apache Thrift in Python. Apache Thrift is a framework for scalable cross-language services development. In this problem, you will need to create a Python class that can serialize and deserialize data using Apache Thrift.

Your task is to create a Python class named `DataSerializer` that has two methods: `serialize` and `deserialize`. The `serialize` method should take a Python dictionary as input and return a byte array representing the serialized data. The `deserialize` method should take a byte array as input and return the deserialized data as a Python dictionary.

You should use the Apache Thrift library to achieve serialization and deserialization. The code snippet provided gives a glimpse of how the Apache Thrift library can be used for serialization and deserialization.

Your implementation should use the `TMemoryBuffer` and `TCompactProtocol` classes from the `thrift` library to perform the serialization and deserialization.

Your task is to complete the implementation of the `DataSerializer` class by filling in the `serialize` and `deserialize` methods.

```python
import thriftpy2
from thriftpy2.protocol import TCompactProtocol
from thriftpy2.transport import TMemoryBuffer

class DataSerializer:
    @staticmethod
    def serialize(data):
        # TODO: Implement serialization using Apache Thrift
        trans = TMemoryBuffer()
        proto = TCompactProtocol(trans)
        # Serialize the data dictionary using the proto object
        # Return the serialized data as a byte array

    @staticmethod
    def deserialize(serialized_data):
        # TODO: Implement deserialization using Apache Thrift
        trans = TMemoryBuffer(serialized_data)
        proto = TCompactProtocol(trans)
        # Deserialize the data from the proto object
        # Return the deserialized data as a Python dictionary
```
keywords: Apache Thrift Python 序列化 反序列化 DataSerializer serialize deserialize TMemoryBuffer TCompactProtocol 实现

query:    What is an example of locally finite covering by closed unit discs of the plane?
keywords: locally finite covering closed unit discs plane example

query:    What signals plants to synchronize their internal clocks?
keywords: plants synchronize internal clocks signals

query:    has rhyl got a funfair?
keywords: Rhyl funfair

query:    医生我宫颈囊肿想要小孩吃什么药上什么药呀没什么症状就是有的时候外阴痒不是很严重一阵阵的尿液的颜色有点黄
keywords: 宫颈囊肿 备孕 用药 外阴痒 尿液黄 无症状

query:    推拉门轨道条
keywords: 推拉门 轨道条

query:    Java, Borneo, Bali, and Sulawesi are what?
keywords: Java Borneo Bali Sulawesi 岛屿 介绍

query:    What was the first channel to use UHF and 405-line pictures?
keywords: first channel UHF 405-line pictures

query:    Manfred Eglin represented a country who first competed in the Olympics in what year?
keywords: Manfred Eglin represented country first competed Olympics year

query:    when did england last get to the semifinals of the world cup
keywords: England World Cup semifinals last appearance

query:    how long between each laser hair removal session?
keywords: laser hair removal session interval time between

query:    What is another term for the act of spying for another country?
keywords: spying another country term synonym

query:    Create a program to print the sum of all the prime numbers from 1 to 100.
keywords: program sum prime numbers 1 to 100

query:    What model did Al-Biruni make corrections to?
keywords: Al-Biruni model corrections

query:    你可以用工资公司赚多少钱
keywords: 工资 公司 赚钱 金额

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 图案：线条 | 图案：撞色 | 衣样式：衬衫
keywords: 上衣 线条 撞色 衬衫 商品描述

query:    房子卖不掉怎么办
keywords: 房子 卖不掉 解决方法

query:    Analyze a given text and generate a dictionary of frequency of each word in the text. Additionally, provide the top 3 most frequently occurring words in the text. The program should exclude common stop words such as "the", "is", "a", etc. The text may contain special characters and punctuation marks that should be properly handled and not included in the word count. The program should also handle large text inputs efficiently within a reasonable time limit. 

text = "This is a sample text, with special characters like !@#$%^&*(). It should properly handle punctuation marks and exclude common stop words while counting the word frequency."
keywords: text word frequency dictionary top 3 most frequent words exclude stop words handle special characters punctuation large text efficient program

query:    日向ヒナタ コスプレ
keywords: 日向ヒナタ コスプレ

query:    Does plasma α-melanocyte stimulating hormone predict outcome in ischemic stroke?
keywords: plasma α-melanocyte stimulating hormone ischemic stroke outcome prediction

query:    who wrote the children’s books ‘wayside school’ and �
keywords: Wayside School author children's books

query:    paperlike ipad pro 11
keywords: paperlike iPad Pro 11

query:    孩子不吃饭，十个多月才十八斤，还缺铁性贫血，缺锌和钙，现在又在吃消炎药，我该怎么喂他呢？{[OnlyCharacteristic!!!No.1
keywords: 孩子 不吃饭 十个月 十八斤 缺铁性贫血 缺锌 缺钙 吃消炎药 喂养方法

query:    孕期我想问问刚刚怀孕不久的人，熬一次夜会有什么影响吗，一天一夜的那种，24小时。后果会很严重吗
keywords: 孕期 熬夜 24小时 影响 后果 严重性

query:    伊藤忠商事の創業者は誰ですか？
keywords: 伊藤忠商事 創業者

query:    怎么解决立案后抓不到人
keywords: 立案 抓不到人 解决方法

query:    hampton roads metro area population
keywords: hampton roads metro area population

query:    In addition to a lack of muscle tone, what is believed to be the main cause of the beer belly?
keywords: beer belly main cause muscle tone lack

query:    电60安倍等于多少瓦 是瓦 不是千瓦
keywords: 60安培 等于 多少瓦 不是千瓦

query:    على من إنقلب  بريمو دي ريفيرا؟
keywords: بريمو دي ريفيرا إنقلب على من

query:    i have loads of tests coming up and i always hit the bed right after returning from schools. i need to make time for my studies and i know i'm burning it all away in my la-la land!!help!!!
keywords: tests study time management procrastination school burnout help

query:    铁锅炒菜能有效补铁吗
keywords: 铁锅 炒菜 补铁 效果

query:    In what year did Gerrit Rietveld, a Dutch furniture designer and architect build the Rietveld Schröder House?
keywords: Gerrit Rietveld Rietveld Schröder House 建造年份

query:    Write a function in Python that takes a list of numbers and returns the greatest difference between any two numbers in the list. However, you are not allowed to use any built-in functions such as max() or min().

test_list = [4, 6, 8, 10, 3, 1, 9]
keywords: Python function list numbers greatest difference without max min built-in

query:    《巨轮2》的制作公司是谁？
keywords: 巨轮2 制作公司

query:    Indil péeteg waat yi ci kàddu gii: Waaréew mii, sa'm réew, nga jàppe ñu yaras nag, wàr nga léen a gën a jox séen gëdda.
keywords: Waaréew mii sa'm réew jàppe yaras gën jox gëdda

query:    where is henderson e roulsen airport
keywords: Henderson E Roulsen airport location

query:    what is a cta test of the heart
keywords: CTA test heart cardiac computed tomography angiography

query:    is it possible to have low hcg and still be pregnant?
keywords: low hcg pregnant possible

query:    which group released the album 'upstairs at eric's' in 1982
keywords: upstairs at eric's 1982 album group released

query:    Question: 我想了解一下整体医学，它是什么？ Dialogue History:
keywords: 整体医学 定义 概念

query:    治子宫脱垂的办法
keywords: 子宫脱垂 治疗方法

query:    压力清洗甲板的平均成本
keywords: 压力清洗 甲板 成本 平均

query:    "Who is the father of actress Lucy Davis, who played receptionist Dawn Tinsley in the UK TV series ""The Office"" (2001), junior writer Lucy Kenwright in the US TV series ""Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip"" and Dianne in the film ""Shaun of the Dead"" (2004)?"
keywords: Lucy Davis father actress Dawn Tinsley The Office UK Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip Shaun of the Dead Dianne

query:    Write a selector in CSS that selects div elements which are inside a main section and have a class name starting with "container". Additionally, the selector should only select the div elements that have a direct child with a class name of "content" and a sibling element with a class name of "sidebar".
keywords: CSS selector div main section class container* direct child class content sibling class sidebar

query:    كم كانت مدة حكم إبراهيم باشا لمصر؟
keywords: إبراهيم باشا  حكم  مصر  مدة

query:    在手术后，如何监测和评估患者的右心室功能，以预防心力衰竭？
keywords: 手术后 右心室功能 监测 评估 心力衰竭 预防

query:    how long has odumbe been banned from international cricket
keywords: Odumbe banned international cricket duration

query:    You know those little things that pop up on your screen that say "You have won a free ipod" or something like that.... I'm just curious to see as to how many people have gotten free stuff from that....I know its not Totally free cuz usually it will say Details apply in fine print.
keywords: free ipod pop-up screen scam legitimate free stuff details fine print

query:    what is the difference between a new york strip and a ribeye?
keywords: New York strip ribeye difference

query:    我家宝宝五个半月，这两天总是反复发烧，昨天打了一针，今天早晨和中午都喂了小儿氨酚黄，柴桂退热颗粒，下午又烧38度，怎么回事呢
keywords: 宝宝 五个半月 反复发烧 小儿氨酚黄 柴桂退热颗粒 38度 原因

query:    definition of solar power energy
keywords: solar power energy definition

query:    ¿Qué tratamientos existen para abrir vasos sanguíneos estrechos o bloqueados?
keywords: tratamientos vasos sanguíneos estrechos bloqueados abrir

query:    哈尔滨能治好白癜风的医院
keywords: 哈尔滨 白癜风 治疗 医院

query:    Question: How has hurricane forecasting improved since the 1960s and what is the role of satellite technology in this improvement? Dialogue History: How did meteorologists track and respond to carla in 1961?
Meteorologists in 1961 did not have the advanced technology available today, but their methods still allowed them to track and monitor hurricane carla. As early as september 1, meteorologists noticed a tropical disturbance within the intertropical convergence zone (itcz) moving westward across the caribbean sea. Surface charts provided information about the developing low-level circulation, helping to estimate the formation of a tropical depression on september 3.

As carla continued to develop, meteorologists from the weather bureau office in miami issued bulletins and advisories. They used data from weather stations, such as san andrés, to monitor changing winds and barometric pressures. Reconnaissance aircraft flights also played a crucial role in assessing carla's intensity, location, and the extent of its wind field, by measuring wind speeds and barometric pressures within the storm.

With available information, meteorologists made their best predictions about the hurricane’s path and potential landfall. Hurricane carla's movement was influenced by factors like high-pressure systems and upper-level atmospheric conditions. As the storm approached the u.s. Mainland, its trajectory and intensity were frequently updated, allowing officials to issue timely warnings to affected populations.

Despite the limitations compared to present-day monitoring, evacuation efforts and warnings managed to minimize the loss of life. For example, texas saw one of the largest peacetime evacuations in u.s. History, with about 500,000 people evacuating from endangered coastal areas, which in turn undoubtedly saved many lives during hurricane carla.
Hurricane carla and its impact?
Hurricane carla was an extremely powerful tropical cyclone that struck the united states during the 1961 atlantic hurricane season. It is considered one of the most intense u.s. Hurricane landfalls on the hurricane severity index. Carla developed from a tropical depression in the southwestern caribbean sea on september 3 and eventually intensified into a category 5 hurricane.

When hurricane carla made landfall near port o'connor, texas, the storm had slightly weakened but was still dangerous. It caused significant destruction across texas and other states. In texas, wind gusts reached as high as 170 mph, and the storm spawned several tornadoes resulting in 34 fatalities and at least $300 million in losses in texas alone. In louisiana, carla caused six deaths and $25 million in losses. Overall, the hurricane led to $325.74 million in losses and 43 fatalities across different states, including flash flooding in kansas that claimed 5 lives.
keywords: hurricane forecasting improvement 1960s satellite technology role

query:    who played the role of ' chandrakanta ' in the serial ' chandrakanta '
keywords: Chandrakanta role actor serial

query:    what vitamin should pregnant women take to prevent defects in the neural tube
keywords: pregnant women vitamins neural tube defects prevention

query:    During who's rule did Origen write about an eclipse?
keywords: Origen eclipse writing reign

query:    What is the first name of author Agatha Christie’s Miss Marple?
keywords: Miss Marple first name Agatha Christie

query:    吃饭睡觉打豆豆是什么意思
keywords: 吃饭睡觉打豆豆 意思 含义

query:    边牧吃什么狗粮最好
keywords: 边牧 狗粮 推荐 最好

query:    who did burma kidnap in the movie marihuana
keywords: Burma kidnap movie Marihuana

query:    大功率膜片联轴器扭转刚度计算研究
keywords: 大功率 膜片联轴器 扭转刚度 计算 研究

query:    元宵节的起源
keywords: 元宵节 起源

query:    Question: How does the story differ depending on the choices the player makes? Dialogue History: Could you explain more about delsin's unique power absorption ability and how it works in the game?
Delsin rowe's unique conduit ability is called power absorption. This allows him to use various superpowers by absorbing and replicating the powers of other conduits he encounters throughout the game. Power absorption adds variety to the gameplay, offering diverse combat strategies and encouraging players to experiment with different powers.

When delsin comes into contact with another conduit or their power source, he can absorb their abilities and integrate them into his skillset. He can then use these powers to traverse the environment swiftly, engage in combat, and interact with the world. The four primary power sets that delsin acquires over the course of the game are smoke, neon, video, and concrete. Each power set comes with unique abilities, strengths, and limitations.

Smoke powers focus on ranged combat and quick escapes with abilities such as smoke dash, which allows delsin to move through obstacles and vents to reach higher or more secluded locations. Neon powers offer faster traversal, precise targeting, and stunning effect with abilities like the neon dash, which lets delsin dash up buildings and run at high speeds. Video powers help delsin become stealthier and summon digital allies, providing abilities like invisibility, teleportation, and digital minions to assist in battles. Lastly, concrete powers grant enhanced defenses, raw strength, and powerful projectiles that can devastate enemies and break through their defenses.

To learn new abilities and upgrade existing ones within each power set, delsin must destroy the mobile d.u.p. Command centers and use blast shards. Various powers have both good and evil karma nuances, which influence delsin's playstyle and impact the story. As delsin's karma level increases, he gains access to new abilities to suit his good or evil alignment.

In essence, delsin's power absorption ability fuels the core gameplay of infamous second son, enabling players to embrace different playstyles and strategies while adapting to the ever-changing nature of the game's world and narrative.
What is the gameplay like in infamous second son?
Infamous Second Son is an open-world action-adventure game with a third-person perspective. Players control the main character, Delsin Rowe, as he roams the city of Seattle, engaging in fast-paced parkour-like movements and climbing high-rise buildings. As a Conduit, Delsin has the ability to wield and manipulate superpowers involving materials like smoke, neon, video, and concrete.

To use these powers effectively, players should pay attention to the head-up display (HUD), where a meter helps them manage their resources. This meter can be refilled by drawing power from sources like smoke from exploded vehicles. Throughout the game, Delsin earns new powers and upgrades by spending Blast Shards collected in the open world.

Players have the option to make choices leaning towards good or evil, influencing Delsin's morality, appearance, and available powers. This karma system affects the story, characters, and some mission outcomes. In combat, players can use Delsin's abilities to incapacitate or kill enemies, as well as affect civilians.

Apart from completing story missions, players can engage in various side activities to regain control of different city districts from the Department of Unified Protection (D.U.P.). This includes tagging graffiti spots, taking down D.U.P. Secret agents, and more. When a district's D.U.P. Control dips below 30%, players participate in a District Showdown to clear out the remaining forces and liberate the area.

In summary, Infamous Second Son's immersive gameplay involves decision-making, exploration, combat, and upgrading abilities, as well as an engaging open-world environment where player choices have significant effects on the game's progression.
keywords: Infamous Second Son gameplay choices impact story

query:    非营利组织在防治艾滋病中面临的困境及对策分析
keywords: 非营利组织 艾滋病防治 困境 对策 分析

query:    Why does a group of animals have so many different names depending on the species?
keywords: animal group names species different

query:    The son of Peter Dancy directed which 2011 American thriller drama film?
keywords: Peter Dancy son directed 2011 American thriller drama film

query:    股改碟
keywords: 股改 碟

query:    火线和地线100伏正常吗
keywords: 火线 地线 100伏 电压 正常

query:    有一篇小说里边有夏宇。夏天还有佐式这小说叫什么了？？？？？？求答案啊
keywords: 夏宇 夏天 佐式 小说 名称

query:    how long did you get a negative pregnancy test?
keywords: negative pregnancy test how long

query:    Does clearance of HCV by Combination Therapy of Pegylated Interferon alpha-2a and Ribavirin improve Insulin Resistance?
keywords: HCV clearance combination therapy pegylated interferon alpha-2a ribavirin insulin resistance improvement

query:    সুইস গণিতবিদ এবং পদার্থবিজ্ঞানী লেওনার্ড অয়লারের বাবার নাম কী ?
keywords: লেওনার্ড অয়লার বাবার নাম সুইস গণিতবিদ পদার্থবিজ্ঞানী

query:    who is the corn
keywords: corn identity

query:    装win7需要多大空间
keywords: win7 安装 所需空间

query:    cobertor porteo invierno
keywords: cobertor porteo invierno

query:    2尺5是多少厘米
keywords: 2尺5 厘米 换算

query:    has oat milk got less calories?
keywords: oat milk calories comparison

query:    科研工作怎样能有创新性？
keywords: 科研工作 创新性 方法

query:    怎样和男生搭讪
keywords: 男生 搭讪 方法 技巧

query:    로마는 지중해성 기후인가요?
keywords: 로마 지중해성 기후

query:    Iešku darbo Vilniuje, kuris susijęs su IT projektų valdymu ir turi teikti galimybę mokytis
keywords: IT projektų valdymas darbas Vilniuje mokymosi galimybės

query:    what is glyphodes confiniodes
keywords: glyphodes confiniodes

query:    HEESTII Neecawda jaceyl 
FANAANKII HANUUNIYE
keywords: HEESTII Neecawda jaceyl FANAANKII HANUUNIYE

query:    代理投融资服务类业务包括哪些
keywords: 代理投融资 服务类业务 包括 内容

query:    你必须为 fmla 休完所有的 vac 和病假吗
keywords: FMLA 休假 病假 必须 用完

query:    c919在那里生产
keywords: C919 生产地点

query:    全国最牛高中排名
keywords: 全国 高中 排名 顶尖

query:    你知道黄鹤楼的历史吗？
keywords: 黄鹤楼 历史

query:    威廉斯堡 在 9 月 的天气
keywords: 威廉斯堡 9月 天气

query:    Apa yang dimaksud dengan negara Balkan?
keywords: negara Balkan pengertian definisi

query:    కృష్ణా పత్రిక స్థాపకుడు ఎవరు?
keywords: కృష్ణా పత్రిక స్థాపకుడు

query:    3dxml可以用什么软件打开
keywords: 3dxml 打开 软件

query:    夫妻俩性格不合怎么办
keywords: 夫妻 性格不合 解决方法

query:    Which city hosted the 2009 UN Climate Change Conference?
keywords: 2009 UN Climate Change Conference host city

query:    Explain: This womens march thing...
keywords: women's march 解释 说明

query:    what nationality is the word deweese
keywords: deweese nationality origin

query:    how many inland naval munitions plants are located at hastings, nebraska
keywords: Hastings Nebraska inland naval munitions plants number location

query:    గుళ్ళపూడి గ్రామ పిన్ కోడ్ ఏంటి?
keywords: గుళ్ళపూడి గ్రామ పిన్ కోడ్

query:    Siapakah pencipta novel Harry Potter?
keywords: Harry Potter pencipta novel

query:    Mary Beton is the imaginary speaker in her essay "A Room of One's Own"
keywords: Mary Beton imaginary speaker essay "A Room of One's Own"

query:    Is a skewed thiopurine metabolism a common clinical phenomenon that can be successfully managed with a combination of low-dose azathioprine and allopurinol?
keywords: skewed thiopurine metabolism clinical phenomenon management low-dose azathioprine allopurinol

query:    naming diatomic molecules
keywords: diatomic molecules naming

query:    process involved in aerobic respiration
keywords: aerobic respiration process steps

query:    what kind of oatmeal can you use for your face
keywords: oatmeal face uses types

query:    孩子今年7岁，尿液是红色的。经检查尿潜血3+，在医院拿了一些消炎药，还输液。治疗已经十天了，还是原来的样子，没有一点好转。这该怎么办？
keywords: 儿童 7岁 血尿 尿潜血3+ 消炎药 输液 治疗10天 无好转 怎么办

query:    "Which American record label, launched in 1901 by Emile Berliner and Eldridge R JohnsonWas favoured by the band The Sweet, including their hits ""Blockbuster"", ""Ballroom Blitz"", ""Wig Wam Bam"" and ""Hell Raiser"" ?"
keywords: Emile Berliner Eldridge R Johnson 1901 American record label The Sweet Blockbuster Ballroom Blitz Wig Wam Bam Hell Raiser

query:    what is alcoholic beverage called fireball
keywords: fireball alcoholic beverage

query:    Write a SQL query to print all the data in a table "scoreboard" with columns "name", "score", "category", and "rank". The rank should be calculated based on the score, with the highest score receiving rank 1 and the lowest score receiving the highest rank. In case of ties, the rank should be assigned based on the alphabetical order of the names. Additionally, you need to exclude any records where the category is "hidden" or the score is negative.
keywords: SQL query select scoreboard name score category rank calculate highest score rank 1 lowest score highest rank ties alphabetical order names exclude category hidden score negative

query:    What are some examples of films based on English-language comics?
keywords: films based on English-language comics examples

query:    who directed the origin of bjorndal
keywords: origin of bjorndal director

query:    Does hippocampal dysfunction define disease onset in Huntington 's disease?
keywords: hippocampal dysfunction disease onset Huntington's disease

query:    What is the original name of the TV series "The Virginian"?
keywords: The Virginian original name TV series

query:    Question: 能告诉我更多关于太平村的基础设施吗？ Dialogue History: 太平村的人口和劳动力情况如何？
太平村共有19个村民小组，637户农家，人口达到2749人。其中农业人口为1223人，劳动力总数为1646人。在这些劳动力中，从事第一产业（农业）的人数有1223人。
那太平村的主要经济来源是什么呢？
太平村的经济主要依赖于农业。农民务工、种植和养殖都是收入来源之一。村子内主要种植玉米、烤烟和薯类等农作物。2013年全村的经济总收入为214.04万元，农民人均纯收入为778.61元。
请告诉我一下太平村的地理位置和自然环境。
太平村位于云南省昭通市大关县悦乐镇，地处寿山乡边。村子周围的地理环境包括东邻寿山乡，南邻塘房村，西邻新寨村 ，以及北邻寿山乡元平村。太平村的海拔高度为1500米，年平均气温为16℃，年降水量约为1010毫米。这样的气候条件非常适宜种植玉米、烤烟和薯类等农作物。
keywords: 太平村 基础设施

query:    空间相机扫描机构固体润滑轴承组件的寿命试验
keywords: 空间相机 扫描机构 固体润滑轴承 寿命试验

query:    江苏一建证书领取时间
keywords: 江苏 一建证书 领取时间

query:    我最近总是发现，只要自己一出汗，身上就会蔓延出来一股子臭味，这种臭味很熏人，从腋下散发出的，而且我洗澡的时候，这味道也洗不干净，不知道为啥，我怀疑自己得上了腋臭。
keywords: 腋臭 出汗 臭味 腋下 洗不干净 原因

query:    What popular Hollywood star of the 1950s was featured in the movie adaption of the short story "Babylon Revisited"?
keywords: 1950s Hollywood star "Babylon Revisited" movie adaptation

query:    Can you transpile this to Swift?
def median(l):
    """Returns the median of the elements in the list l, without sorting it or using built-in functions. 
    Handles tuples with even and odd numbers of elements, as well as duplicate elements."""
    n = len(l)
    if n < 1:
            return None
    if n % 2 == 1:    
        return find_kth_smallest(l, n // 2)
    else:
        return ( find_kth_smallest(l, n // 2 - 1) + find_kth_smallest(l, n // 2) ) / 2.0

def find_kth_smallest(l, k):
    if l:
        pivot = l[0]
        smaller_list = [x for x in l if x < pivot]
        bigger_list = [x for x in l if x > pivot]
        equal_list = [x for x in l if x == pivot]
        m = len(smaller_list)
        n = len(equal_list)
        if k < m:
            return find_kth_smallest(smaller_list, k)
        elif k < m + n:
            return equal_list[0]
        else:
            return find_kth_smallest(bigger_list, k - m - n)

print(median([3, 1, 2, 4, 5])) # expecting 3

print(median([-10, 4, 6, 1000, 10, 20])) # expecting 15.0

print(median([1, 2, 2, 4, 5])) # expecting 2
keywords: transpile Python Swift median algorithm without sorting

query:    win10家庭组怎么关
keywords: win10 家庭组 关闭 方法

query:    how long does it take for social security?
keywords: social security processing time

query:    in which 1953 teleplay does merle oberon play aesop
keywords: Merle Oberon Aesop 1953 teleplay

query:    我用黄芪，枸杞，黄精，西洋参，大枣一起泡水喝可以吗？对身体有啥好处？
keywords: 黄芪 枸杞 黄精 西洋参 大枣 泡水 功效 好处

query:    what is monoclonal protein
keywords: monoclonal protein definition

query:    What association football teams wear all red jerseys?
keywords: football teams red jerseys

query:    what is the magmatic province in canada
keywords: magmatic province Canada

query:    怎样知道自己的了甲肝？甲肝可以治好吗？怎样知道自己的了甲肝？甲肝可以治好吗？怎样知道自己的了甲肝？甲肝可以治好吗？怎样知道自己的了甲肝？甲肝可以治好吗？（
keywords: 甲肝 诊断 检测 治愈 治疗方法

query:    骨折中药治疗
keywords: 骨折 中药 治疗

query:    ugg手套
keywords: ugg 手套

query:    where was the movie the in laws filmed
keywords: the in laws movie filming locations

query:    How can I use the Median of Medians algorithm to find the median of a set of integers represented in XML format? Please provide a [Python code] implementation to find the median of the following set:
<data>
    <value>7</value>
    <value>2</value>
    <value>1</value>
    <value>8</value>
    <value>4</value>
    <value>6</value>
    <value>9</value>
    <value>3</value>
    <value>5</value>
</data>
In your implementation, please make sure to properly extract the integer values from the XML data using the appropriate XML parsing method.
keywords: Median of Medians algorithm find median integers XML format Python code implementation extract values parsing

query:    做了包皮能干活吗？？？？
keywords: 包皮手术 术后恢复 工作能力 影响

query:    宝马320li空调滤芯
keywords: 宝马320li 空调滤芯

query:    Onko GoldenEye 007-pelissä lisätehtäviä?
keywords: GoldenEye 007 peli lisätehtävät

query:    "In which T.V. Detective series did ""DCI Michael Jardine"" appear ?"
keywords: DCI Michael Jardine T.V. Detective series

query:    how long does it take to get ssi decision?
keywords: SSI decision processing time

query:    රාත්‍රියේදී කුඩා දරුවෙකු නිදා ගැනීමට හොඳම ක්‍රමය කුමක්ද?
keywords: රාත්‍රියේදී කුඩා දරුවෙකු නිදා ගැනීම හොඳම ක්‍රමය

query:    包包里有味道该怎么让味道消失
keywords: 包包 味道 去除 方法

query:    Given an array of positive integers, find the smallest positive integer that is divisible by all the numbers in the array and is a prime number.

Example:
Input: [15, 10, 5, 20]
Output: 5

Note:
- The input array will contain at least two numbers.
- All numbers in the input array will be positive integers.
- The solution should be implemented without using the built-in LCM function.
- Your solution should have a time complexity of O(n), where n is the number of elements in the input array.
- Your solution should have a space complexity of O(1), meaning it should not use any additional data structures.
- The output should be a prime number.
keywords: array positive integers smallest divisible all prime number

query:    脚趾间糜烂，裂开，手上也有相应症状，请医生帮帮我
keywords: 脚趾间糜烂 裂开 手上症状 诊断 帮助

query:    when did tabasco split into two regions
keywords: Tabasco split two regions date

query:    Question: 有没有一种民族舞蹈是用长剑当道具的？ Dialogue History: 请介绍一下民族舞蹈中的country dance和hula舞是什么？
当然可以。country dance，即乡村舞，起源于英国，后来传播到了美国和其他国家。这种舞蹈通常是团体表演，舞者们成列或圆圈跳舞，有时还会用手互相拉伸、扭曲和抱起。country dance具有简单、有趣的特点，富有活力，受到各年龄段人群的喜爱。

至于hula舞，它起源于夏威夷。这是一种表现性的舞蹈，通过舞者们优美的手臂和腰部的动作来讲述故事或表达情感。hula舞流传至今，已经成为夏威夷独特的文化符号，通常在庆祝活动和欢迎仪式上表演。
那么民族舞蹈和正式的宫廷或社交舞蹈有什么联系呢？
实际上，许多16至20世纪的宫廷与社交正式舞蹈都是从民族舞蹈发展而来的。这些正式的舞蹈往往经过一定程度的改编，以适应宫廷或社交场合的需要。例如，在这些正式舞蹈中，我们可以看到嘉禾、吉格、马厝卡、小步舞、波卡、森巴、探戈和华尔滋等元素。因此，民族舞蹈与正式宫廷或社交舞蹈之间存在一定的联系和衍生关系。
请问民族舞蹈具体是什么概念？
民族舞蹈，又称为folk dance，是在没有编舞指导下自然形成的舞蹈，它反映了一个国家或地区普通民众的传统生活。民族舞蹈这个名词起源于18世纪，有时用来区分平民的舞蹈和贵族的舞蹈。它表现了民间文化的魅力，传承了历史悠久的民族习俗，展示了各地区鲜明的特色。
keywords: 民族舞蹈 长剑 道具

query:    what are glyphosate tolerant soybeans
keywords: glyphosate tolerant soybeans

query:    missとmr
keywords: miss mr 区别 含义

query:    Who was the first American bail bondsman and when did he found the first bail bonds business in the U.S.?
keywords: first American bail bondsman founded first bail bonds business U.S. when

query:    苹果手机微信怎么不自动弹出信息
keywords: 苹果手机 微信 信息 不自动弹出

query:    what year did frank fawkes make the novel
keywords: Frank Fawkes novel publication year

query:    what is the significance of a black and white american flag?
keywords: black white American flag meaning significance

query:    can garlic fight against infections
keywords: garlic fight infections

query:    双目显微镜视频
keywords: 双目显微镜 视频

query:    how did jackie robinson meet rachel
keywords: Jackie Robinson Rachel meeting

query:    The process of selectio does not resemble what type of criticism?
keywords: selection process criticism type unlike

query:    who sings chained to the rhythm with katy perry
keywords: Chained to the Rhythm Katy Perry singer

query:    肺部扫描显示什么
keywords: 肺部扫描 显示 结果

query:    borroloola dtella definition
keywords: borroloola dtella 定义

query:    Which is the last major military engagement of the American Civil War?
keywords: American Civil War last major military engagement

query:    who saved chuck's life in chuck vs the best friend
keywords: Chuck vs the Best Friend saved life

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 版型：宽松 | 版型：显瘦 | 颜色：深蓝色 | 风格：欧美 | 风格：简约 | 图案：条纹 | 裙长：连衣裙 | 裙款式：拼接
keywords: 连衣裙 宽松 显瘦 深蓝色 欧美 简约 条纹 拼接

query:    what is monte melkonian
keywords: Monte Melkonian biography

query:    Dovyalis is a genus of shrubs and small trees belonging to the family Salicaceae, whereas Townsendia is a genus of NOrth American plants within what flower family?
keywords: Dovyalis genus shrubs small trees Salicaceae Townsendia genus North American plants flower family

query:    persephone name meaning
keywords: Persephone name meaning

query:    办理违章需要带上什么
keywords: 办理 违章 所需材料 携带物品

query:    Question: 他参加过哪些电视节目？ Dialogue History: 他的出生日期是什么时候？
罗翔的出生日期是1990年10月28日。
请问罗翔是哪里人？
罗翔是中国江苏省连云港市灌南县的人。
keywords: 罗翔 参加 电视节目

query:    How is 藍 pronounced in Japanese?
keywords: 藍 Japanese pronunciation

query:    为关羽刮骨疗毒的名医是谁
keywords: 关羽 刮骨疗毒 名医 是谁

query:    Design an advanced AI system that is proficient in managing and enhancing the processing of 6D model files, thereby augmenting the immersive experience in mixed reality environments. This AI system should not only curtail the processing time but also maintain the visual quality of the 6D model. It should be adept in handling multiple 6D model files concurrently, irrespective of their intricacy and magnitude. 

The AI system should also be capable of real-time optimization of 6D models during mixed reality experiences. This includes dynamically adjusting the level of detail based on the user's proximity to the 6D model, and managing the trade-off between visual quality and performance. 

To increase complexity, the AI system should also be capable of predicting and adapting to future changes in the 6D model files, such as the addition of new elements or changes in the animation sequences. It should also be able to optimize the 6D models based on the hardware capabilities of the target device, ensuring optimal performance across a variety of devices.

Furthermore, the AI system should be able to handle the optimization of 6D models that are part of a complex, multi-threaded system, where the 6D models may change in response to multiple concurrent processes. The AI system should also be proficient in optimizing 6D models that are part of a distributed system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between multiple devices and the 6D models.

To further increase the difficulty, the AI system should be capable of optimizing 6D models that are part of a complex, multi-paradigm system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between multiple programming paradigms and the 6D models. The AI system should also be proficient in optimizing 6D models that are part of a complex, multi-framework system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between multiple software frameworks and the 6D models. The AI system should also be proficient in optimizing 6D models that are part of a complex, multi-platform system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between multiple platforms and the 6D models. 

Finally, the AI system should be able to handle the optimization of 6D models that are part of a machine learning system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between multiple learning algorithms and the 6D models. The AI system should also be proficient in optimizing 6D models that are part of a deep learning system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between multiple neural networks and the 6D models.

In addition, the AI system should be capable of handling the optimization of 6D models that are part of a quantum computing system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between quantum algorithms and the 6D models. The AI system should also be proficient in optimizing 6D models that are part of a blockchain system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between blockchain protocols and the 6D models. The AI system should also be proficient in optimizing 6D models that are part of a complex, multi-cloud system, where the optimization process needs to take into account the interactions between multiple cloud platforms and the 6D models.
keywords: 6D模型 AI系统 优化 混合现实 实时处理 多文件 性能 视觉质量 动态细节 硬件适配 多线程 分布式系统 多范式 多框架 多平台 机器学习 深度学习 量子计算 区块链 多云系统

query:    where is bratislava in europe
keywords: Bratislava location Europe

query:    where do most tornadoes occur in the us
keywords: tornadoes occurrence United States most common locations

query:    Question: 能再具体说一下配料中调味品吗？ Dialogue History: 谢谢你的帮助。请问山楂排骨的做法中的主要原料是什么？
不客气，很高兴为您提供帮助。山楂排骨的主要原料是猪小排骨和干山楂。通过加入干山楂，这道美食会有一个独特的酸甜口感，和排骨的美味完美搭配。请放心食用，这道菜不含防腐剂，没有副作用。
山楂排骨的做法有哪些？能协助我一下吗？
很高兴为您提供帮助。山楂排骨的做法如下：
1. 干山楂冲洗一下用冷水先泡上，同时开始切姜切葱。
2. 油锅内加2匙素油，下生姜片爆出香味后，推入排骨翻炒，直至油变清亮。
3. 一次性加冷水没过排骨，把所有调味料和山楂干都放进去，大火烧开后，转中小火30到40分钟（根据个人喜好口感而定）。
4. 把葱段姜片和调味包都捞出来后，开大火收汁。
5. 上碟后可以再重新撒葱丝或者葱花。

这样制作出来的山楂排骨鲜美可口，而且山楂的酸甜可提升整体口感。希望这个制作方法对您有帮助！
keywords: 山楂排骨 调味品 配料 具体

query:    在弹性范围内拉力越大弹簧声的
keywords: 弹性范围 拉力 弹簧 声音 关系

query:    what is the sql for current date
keywords: SQL current date

query:    I am in 8th grade and hopefully i will get to tryout for a cheerleading postion. I need to know the basics on being a cheerleader. Like i already have down a couple of filpflops and i am really loud. But i need to know what they are probley going to ask me to do. HElP
keywords: cheerleader basics tryout skills 8th grade requirements

query:    使用excel 制作辖区平面示意图
keywords: Excel 辖区 平面示意图 制作

query:    What did Hind's discover in 1950 about T Tauri?
keywords: Hind 1950 T Tauri discovery

query:    when did michael jordan get drafted in the nba
keywords: Michael Jordan NBA draft year

query:    هل مشكلات تمييز الألوان من أعراض التنكس البقعي؟
keywords: تمييز الألوان مشكلات أعراض التنكس البقعي

query:    who made need for speed undercover game
keywords: Need for Speed Undercover developer

query:    韩雪主演的谍战剧
keywords: 韩雪 主演 谍战剧

query:    What was the date of Anthonio Colve's capture of New York?
keywords: Anthonio Colve capture New York date

query:    Apa arti dari An-Naml ?
keywords: An-Naml arti

query:    Does [ Hepatitis B surface antigen terminate codon bias selection ]?
keywords: Hepatitis B surface antigen terminate codon bias selection

query:    how many children die before the age of five in the democratic republic of the congo
keywords: children under five mortality democratic republic of congo

query:    Write the SQL query to select the second last element of a table where the name column is "John" and the age column is greater than 25.
table_name: users
keywords: SQL query select second last element table name column "John" age column greater than 25 users

query:    Is α-ketoglutarate associated with delayed wound healing in diabetes?
keywords: α-ketoglutarate delayed wound healing diabetes association

query:    快要射精时射出来有点像水的是不是精子这个是什么
keywords: 射精 像水 精子 正常 原因

query:    ما هو اسم المدينة الحالي لمدينة الشلف؟
keywords: المدينة الحالي اسم الشلف

query:    汽车熄火后发动机还呼呼一阵子
keywords: 汽车 熄火 发动机 呼呼 原因

query:    What is Venus' atmosphere made of?
keywords: Venus atmosphere composition

query:    卖一套新房中介拿多少
keywords: 新房 中介费 佣金比例

query:    Do autologous culture-modified mononuclear cells confer vascular protection after arterial injury?
keywords: autologous culture-modified mononuclear cells vascular protection arterial injury

query:    得了脚气，就是有水泡的那种泡泡，该怎么治疗呢？用白醋可以吗？
keywords: 脚气 水泡 治疗 白醋

query:    what is the name of the cooking pot used in baganda
keywords: baganda cooking pot name

query:    Thelonious Monk
keywords: Thelonious Monk

query:    Question: 我想邀请朋友一起在线玩游戏，有哪些具有代表性的线上游戏推荐？ Dialogue History: 如果我想购买这张专辑，你有什么建议？
如果您想购买《无法定义》这张专辑，您可以尝试访问一些音乐销售的网站、音乐商店或在线平台。有一些知名的购买途径，例如apple music、spotify和网易云音乐。请根据您的国家和地区查找适合您的购买途径。购买正版音乐是支持艺术家的一种方式，让他们能够继续创作更多优秀的音乐作品。
在这首歌中，有什么具体的词句体现了他们的友情？
在《线上游戏》的歌词中，有一些具体的词句展示了两位好友之间的友情。例如，歌词中有这样的句子：“oh你是我线上的最佳夥伴，oh你也是我web的心灵捕手”，以及“在线上游戏就算你输我赢也会无损友情更交换心情”。通过这些表达，歌词展示了他们的友情是如何在虚拟世界中得到加强的，以及如何在游戏中互相支持对方。
这首歌的歌词是如何描述亲密友情和线上游戏的？
歌词通过描述两个好友在线上游戏中的互动来表达他们的亲密友情。歌词提到，两人在游戏中挑战彼此，互相激励，成为彼此最佳的线上伙伴。即使在游戏输赢之间，他们的友谊仍然不受影响，而且他们会更加交换彼此的心情。通过这些描绘，歌词表达了亲密友情和线上游戏之间的紧密联系。
线上游戏这首歌曲的基本信息。
《线上游戏》是由黄义达演唱的一首歌曲。这首歌的词是由天天填写，而曲则是由黄义达创作。这首歌收录在黄义达的专辑《无法定义》中。它是一首描述亲密友情和线上游戏之间关系的歌曲。
keywords: 线上游戏 推荐 代表性 多人 联机

query:    武汉居住证在哪里办
keywords: 武汉 居住证 办理地点

query:    Cudurada ka dhasha cunto xumida?
keywords: Cudurada dhasha cunto xumida

query:    which british government were made on prince edward island in 1986
keywords: Prince Edward Island 1986 British government agreements

query:    Create a function that takes in a number and returns all the prime factors. The function should handle numbers up to 1,000,000. 

num = 30

# Example Output:
prime_factors(30) => [2, 3, 5]
keywords: prime factors function number up to 1000000 example 30 output

query:    corpiños mujer para vestir
keywords: corpiños mujer vestir

query:    阑尾炎反酸
keywords: 阑尾炎 反酸 症状

query:    when did moses odaro get his bsc in nigerian
keywords: Moses Odaro BSc Nigeria date

query:    ジョン・フルトン・レイノルズの出身はどこ
keywords: ジョン・フルトン・レイノルズ 出身

query:    支付宝心愿储蓄 能提前终止
keywords: 支付宝 心愿储蓄 提前终止 方法

query:    how long does it take for a state refund
keywords: state refund processing time

query:    framework. What is it in terms of computer science?

Can anyone explain to me what framework is?
keywords: framework 定义 计算机科学

query:    经常来我家的那个乐乐。已经有好几天都没有来我家里，也不知道是不是我儿子跟乐乐闹什么别扭了，今天上午的时候我才知道原来是乐乐得了鼻咽癌了。我想知道鼻咽癌是怎么回事恩。
keywords: 鼻咽癌 病因 症状 治疗 诊断

query:    相控阵AEW雷达动目标检测的最大似然方法
keywords: 相控阵 AEW雷达 动目标检测 最大似然方法

query:    how many calories do you burn in a strength training?
keywords: strength training calories burned

query:    Что такое воздушная подушка?
keywords: воздушная подушка что это

query:    How did the color red/a (red) star came to be accepted as the symbol of communism?
keywords: red star symbol communism origin history

query:    Euskal Herriko gastronomian, zer ezaugarri bereizgarriak dituzte sukaldaritza teknikak eta nola dago lotuta inguruko natura eta produktu autoktonoekin?
keywords: Euskal Herriko gastronomia sukaldaritza teknikak ezaugarri bereizgarriak inguruko natura produktu autoktonoak lotura

query:    What is a popular drinking game where beer is often considered?
keywords: popular drinking game beer

query:    关于运动会的英语作文
keywords: 运动会 英语 作文

query:    етичні обов'язки політиків
keywords: етичні обов'язки політиків

query:    Design a JavaScript program that, for a given range of numbers, identifies, calculates, and displays all pairs of Amicable numbers. Your program should not only produce the required output but also be optimized for efficiency. Include precise error handling routines for incorrect input. Explain your approach for optimization in the comments.
keywords: JavaScript Amicable numbers 程序 设计 优化 错误处理 计算 显示 数字范围

query:    Question: 十字弩在不同装备情况下的伤害是怎样的？ Dialogue History: 十字弩的优缺点分别是什么？
十字弩的优点包括：完全消音，伤害高，可以作为中远距离作战的武器；能一发打爆三级头，无视头盔；自带红点瞄准镜。而其缺点主要有：装弹时间较长（需要3秒），一次只能更换一支箭；弩箭速度较慢，导致命中率较低；子弹稀有，较难寻找。
请问《和平精英》中的十字弩是什么样的武器？
你好，human！《和平精英》中的十字弩是一种使用弩箭作为子弹的武器。它拥有完全消音的特点，伤害较高，适用于中远距离作战。它可以装备箭袋、全息瞄准镜、红点瞄准镜、2倍镜、3倍镜、4倍镜和6倍镜。当命中敌人头部时，可一击致命。值得注意的是，它没有开火声音，但弩箭下坠严重，使远距离命中变得较为困难。
keywords: 十字弩 伤害 不同装备 情况

query:    what age to start toilet training puppies
keywords: toilet training puppies age start

query:    逃离满月森林攻略
keywords: 逃离满月森林 攻略

query:    Mitä tarkoittaa solukko?
keywords: solukko merkitys

query:    アイカン カーボンホイール
keywords: アイカン カーボンホイール

query:    You are tasked with implementing a function that extracts and counts the occurrences of all unique classNames from a given JavaScript code snippet. The classNames are defined within the `className` attribute of JSX elements. The function should return an object mapping each unique className to its count.

For example, given the following JavaScript code snippet:
```javascript
                />
                <CloseButton
                    className={classNames("richEditor-close", classesRichEditor.close)}
                    onClick={this.props.onCloseClick}
                />
            </div>
        );
    }
}

export default withEditor<IProps>(InlineToolbarLinkInput);
```
The function should return:
```javascript
{
  "richEditor-close": 1,
  "close": 1
}
```

Write a function `extractClassNamesCount(code: string): Record<string, number>` that takes a string `code` representing the JavaScript code snippet and returns an object mapping each unique className to its count.

Assume the following:
- The `className` attribute is always defined within JSX elements.
- The classNames are enclosed within double quotes and may contain alphanumeric characters, hyphens, and underscores.
- The `className` attribute may contain multiple classNames separated by spaces.
keywords: extractClassNamesCount function JavaScript code className attribute JSX elements unique count object mapping

query:    泰剧2021新剧法定丈夫
keywords: 泰剧 2021 新剧 法定丈夫

query:    Tips for cultivating vegetables in small urban spaces
keywords: urban vegetable gardening small spaces tips

query:    "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" is the theme song of a 1987 film directed by who?
keywords: "Nothing's Gonna Stop Us Now" 主题曲 1987 电影 导演

query:    Mikä oli Wilhelm Wagner viimeinen sävellys?
keywords: Wilhelm Wagner viimeinen sävellys

query:    Does enoxaparin sodium prevent intestinal microcirculatory dysfunction in endotoxemic rats?
keywords: enoxaparin sodium prevent intestinal microcirculatory dysfunction endotoxemic rats

query:    冬天汽车玻璃起雾怎么去除
keywords: 汽车玻璃 除雾 冬天 方法

query:    who originally recorded the song mr. bojangles?
keywords: Mr. Bojangles song original recording

query:    what is the probability of getting a number greater than 4?
keywords: probability number greater than 4

query:    外侧座椅位置定义
keywords: 外侧座椅 位置 定义

query:    樱桃的营养价值是什么
keywords: 樱桃 营养价值

query:    is caffeine associated with parkinson's disease
keywords: caffeine parkinson's disease association

query:    心理学原理是如何在哲学探讨中应用的？
keywords: 心理学原理 哲学探讨 应用

query:    what types of information is required to make decisions on expenditure and how do you develop budgets and validate them?
keywords: expenditure decisions information required budget development validation

query:    lybrel cost
keywords: lybrel cost price

query:    can rye flour affect psa levels
keywords: rye flour PSA levels effect

query:    Pendekatan terapi gen terbaru untuk pengobatan penyakit langka seperti Fibrosis Kistik
keywords: terapi gen terbaru pendekatan pengobatan penyakit langka fibrosis kistik

query:    What is the purpose of a traction engine?
keywords: traction engine purpose

query:    我和僵尸有个约会有几部
keywords: 我和僵尸有个约会 系列 有几部

query:    How are members chosen for the court?
keywords: court members selection process

query:    全部症状：我在五一那天做了无痛人流，是因为先兆流产发展为难免流产，两个月了没有胎心，我想问一下最快可以什么时候怀孕发病时间及原因：治疗情况
keywords: 无痛人流 先兆流产 难免流产 胎心 怀孕时间 恢复周期

query:    henry kulka
keywords: Henry Kulka

query:    when were snow blowers invented
keywords: snow blowers invented when

query:    Your mission, should you choose to accept it: find this fungus used in pate de foie gras--a pig is provided
keywords: pate de foie gras fungus truffle pig find

query:    全部症状：脖子后面有个小包皮里能动发病时间及原因：3"4个月了治疗情况：就4让大夫看了一下说是粉瘤
keywords: 脖子后面 小包 能动 粉瘤 症状 发病时间 3-4个月 治疗情况

query:    手机单停怎么解除
keywords: 手机 单停 解除 方法

query:    do u throw up with the flu?
keywords: flu vomiting symptoms

query:    can i sell my mums house if i have power of attorney
keywords: power of attorney sell mother's house legal authority

query:    Question: My younger sibling recently learned about the early history of the methodist church ghana, particularly how it started with rev. joseph dunwell's arrival and how british influence led to the church's establishment. can you please explain the early history in a way that a child can understand, highlighting key figures and events? Dialogue History: Can you explain what happened during the election for the presidency of the denomination in the 1980s and its consequences?
During the election for the presidency of the methodist church ghana denomination in the 1980s, there was a conflict of interest among different ethnic groups within the church. The tensions arose due to differences in ethnicity regarding power positions and the format of the church. People were vouching for their preferred candidates, who belonged to their own ethnic groups, promoting a division based on ethnic lines.

These divisions had profound consequences for the administration of the methodist church ghana. The internal conflict led to the dismissals and resignations of ministers, who found themselves unable to reconcile and work together within the existing structure. Furthermore, the rift resulted in the creation of new churches and circuits, as some individuals and groups sought to establish separate communities that aligned with their specific values and needs.

This ethnic fragmentation within the church had implications for its unity, effectiveness, and ability to serve the wider ghanaian community. Disagreements over leadership and structure hindered the church's potential to fully realize its mission and to foster a sense of shared purpose among its diverse members. While the church has continued to make significant strides in community development and religious life, the challenges presented by ethnic divisions underline the importance of addressing such issues to ensure that unity and cooperation among people are prioritized in the pursuit of spiritual growth and social betterment.
It seems that the methodist church ghana plays a significant role in the community through its educational and medical initiatives. can you explain further how their involvement in these fields has impacted the local community, and are there any notable examples of specific projects or institutions that the church has established or been involved with in these sectors?
Indeed, the methodist church ghana has made considerable contributions to the local community through its educational and medical outreach initiatives.

In the field of education, the methodist church has established numerous schools throughout ghana, offering various levels of formal education to the ghanaian population. Their involvement in education has significantly helped the country develop a robust educational system, especially since university options in ghana are limited and highly competitive. The church's dedication to providing high-quality education has equipped many individuals with knowledge and skills, subsequently empowering them to build better lives and contribute positively to society.

Regarding healthcare, the methodist church ghana is a significant medical care provider. Their work has had a far-reaching impact on the local community, offering vital health services to ghanaians in need. One notable example of the church's medical outreach is its initiative to remodel and reconstruct a local hospital. This undertaking expanded the hospital's capacity and improved the quality of care, thereby increasing access to essential medical services for the community.

These examples showcase the tremendous influence of the methodist church ghana in improving the lives of the people it serves. Through their commitment to education and healthcare, they have not only shaped the physical, emotional, and intellectual well-being of the local population but also fostered a sense of unity and purpose, underscoring the church's relevance and impact on society.
Worship practices within the methodist church ghana and how they differ from those of the mainline methodist church of great britain.
The methodist church ghana largely follows the same sunday worship practices as other methodist branches. This typically includes bible readings, sermons, and offerings during their services. However, the methodist church ghana separates itself from the mainline methodist church of great britain by incorporating charismatic elements into their worship services. This creates a more vibrant and energetic form of praise, with livelier singing, dancing, and expressions of faith. This distinct worship style infuses the traditional liturgy with a greater sense of enthusiasm and spirituality, reflecting the cultural influences of ghanaian society.
keywords: Methodist Church Ghana early history Joseph Dunwell British influence establishment child explanation key figures events

query:    The Treaty of Devol made in 1108 codified what leader's defeat in the First Crusade?
keywords: Treaty of Devol 1108 codified defeat First Crusade leader

query:    පාර්ලිමේන්තු ක්‍රමයේ නිජබිම ලෙස සැලකෙන රට කුමක්ද?
keywords: පාර්ලිමේන්තු ක්‍රමය නිජබිම රට

query:    Are Wi-Fi and/or Bluetooth, signals harmful to our health?

I'm sure this can be researched online, but I've often wondered how much information is actually true.
keywords: Wi-Fi Bluetooth 信号 健康 危害

query:    What was the first name of Rigsby in Rising Damp?
keywords: Rising Damp Rigsby first name

query:    In Swayambhu, what is present in the small area above the tiers?
keywords: Swayambhu small area above tiers contents

query:    what is the wedding feast in the bible
keywords: wedding feast Bible meaning

query:    What sport do both the 2013 Philadelphia Eagles season and LeSean McCoy have in common?
keywords: Philadelphia Eagles 2013 season LeSean McCoy sport common

query:    Ẹ̀tọ́ àwọn ènìyàn ní Zimbabwe
keywords: Ẹ̀tọ́ àwọn ènìyàn Zimbabwe

query:    加克尼红酒
keywords: 加克尼 红酒

query:    Apakah permainan rugbi membutuhkan wasit ?
keywords: permainan rugbi wasit diperlukan

query:    伸缩镜子
keywords: 伸缩镜子

query:    is nelnet a federal loan?
keywords: nelnet federal loan

query:    Do surgical conditions account for the majority of admissions to three primary referral hospitals in rural Mozambique?
keywords: surgical conditions admissions majority three primary referral hospitals rural Mozambique

query:    气相色谱仪原理
keywords: 气相色谱仪 原理

query:    Когда Анаста́сий Андре́евич Вонся́цкий эмигрировал из СССР?
keywords: Анастасий Андреевич Вонсяцкий эмиграция из СССР

query:    Is contraction of human colonic circular smooth muscle cells inhibited by the calcium channel blocker pinaverium bromide?
keywords: pinaverium bromide calcium channel blocker inhibition human colonic circular smooth muscle contraction

query:    gigolo definition webster
keywords: gigolo definition Webster

query:    Je,Sayari ndogo zaidi ni ipi?
keywords: Sayari ndogo zaidi

query:    how long for qvar to work
keywords: qvar onset time effectiveness duration

query:    Why is it that when I put my finger in front of my eye in a horizontal position, the light just above the surface of my finger gets distorted?

Its very slight but I defiantly see the picture getting bent. Any explanations?
keywords: finger eye horizontal light distortion bent explanation

query:    ศาสตราจารย์พิเศษ เภสัชกรหญิง กฤษณา ไกรสินธุ์เป็นคนจังหวัดอะไร?
keywords: ศาสตราจารย์พิเศษ เภสัชกรหญิง กฤษณา ไกรสินธุ์ จังหวัด

query:    Based on the given list of names and birth dates, create a dictionary where the birth dates are used as keys and the names are used as values. The birth dates should be stored as datetime objects rather than strings. Additionally, the dictionary should only include the names of individuals who were born after 1990.
keywords: birth dates dictionary keys datetime objects names values after 1990 Python

query:    平滑肌有肌原纤维吗
keywords: 平滑肌 肌原纤维 有无

query:    铺地砖水泥沙子用量
keywords: 铺地砖 水泥 沙子 用量

query:    A program in Los Angeles believes that with $1 billion, city temperatures could be reduced by approximately how many degrees in Celsius?
keywords: Los Angeles program $1 billion reduce city temperatures Celsius degrees

query:    هل سرعة الريح تساعد  على تشكل الصقيع؟
keywords: سرعة الرياح تشكل الصقيع تأثير

query:    粳米是粒米吗
keywords: 粳米 粒米 区别

query:    Do older adults experience difficulty completing the lines and dots tasks of the Motor Assessment Scale?
keywords: Motor Assessment Scale lines dots tasks older adults difficulty completion

query:    歌星纸片人
keywords: 歌星 纸片人

query:    "What singer starred as a man with boobs in the movie ""Fight Club""?"
keywords: Fight Club singer man with boobs role

query:    what county is kolonia raducka, poland in
keywords: Kolonia Raducka Poland county

query:    中秋节月饼制作
keywords: 中秋节 月饼 制作 方法

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 材质：棉 | 颜色：白色 | 风格：街头 | 风格：ol | 图案：字母 | 图案：文字 | 图案：撞色 | 衣样式：卫衣 | 衣领型：翻领 | 衣长：中长款
keywords: 卫衣 翻领 中长款 棉 白色 街头 OL 字母 文字 撞色

query:    The relationship between Tibet and China.
keywords: Tibet China relationship

query:    Given a string s and an integer k, find the kth most frequent character of s. The characters in s are guaranteed to be ASCII characters.

Constraints:
- The length of s is at most 10^6.
- 1 <= k <= the number of unique characters in s.

Example:

Input:
s = "abcdddeeeefffff"
k = 3

Output:
'd'

Explanation:
The unique characters in s are 'a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f'. The 3rd most frequent character is 'd'.
keywords: kth most frequent character string ASCII constraints length unique characters

query:    Théorie des cordes
keywords: Théorie des cordes

query:    what grows nasal polyps
keywords: nasal polyps causes growth

query:    V 形墩刚构桥墩底顶推合龙施工控制
keywords: V形墩 刚构桥 墩底顶推 合龙 施工控制

query:    Basil Rathbone made 14 Sherlock Holmes films. Who played the part of Dr Watson?
keywords: Basil Rathbone Sherlock Holmes films Dr Watson 扮演 演员

query:    the most common type of electronic filter is
keywords: electronic filter common types

query:    Y'all can have these ground kernals boiled, baked, or fried for breakfast, lunch, or dinner
keywords: ground kernels boiled baked fried breakfast lunch dinner

query:    what district is phogpelri in?
keywords: Phogpelri district location

query:    japanese prefecture located in westernmost tip of honshu
keywords: Japanese prefecture westernmost Honshu

query:    When was the mercury thermometer invented?
keywords: mercury thermometer invented when

query:    提夫尼钻戒多少钱
keywords: 提夫尼 钻戒 价格

query:    Which African capital city is served by 'Kotoka Airport'?
keywords: Kotoka Airport African capital city

query:    Who did Kerry say tried to stop his campaign?
keywords: Kerry campaign stop attempt

query:    Hedge funds

How exactly does a hedge fund make money? What is the process of hedging?
keywords: hedge funds make money process hedging

query:    滨州医学院学生社团联合会的宗旨是什么？
keywords: 滨州医学院 学生社团联合会 宗旨

query:    zaide name meaning
keywords: zaide name meaning

query:    Can you tell me the dimension of the null space for this given matrix, A = [[3, 2, −9], [−6, −4, 18], [12, 8, −36]]?
keywords: matrix null space dimension A [[3 2 -9] [-6 -4 18] [12 8 -36]]

query:    what is the strength of a bologna vial
keywords: bologna vial strength

query:    i have this report due in about two weeks, and i would like some help from some paintballers, paintball field owners, and/or someone that knows something about paintball fields. i need to know what the basic layout of a speedball field, airball field, woodsball field, and any other denominations of paintball fields you know of.
keywords: paintball field layout speedball airball woodsball types basic design

query:    第二代神風級驅逐艦的五號艦在二戰期間主要負責什麼樣的工作？
keywords: 第二代 神風級 驅逐艦 五號艦 二戰 任務 工作

query:    民法总则职务行为应该怎么认定
keywords: 民法总则 职务行为 认定

query:    генетичні особливості арабських коней для вдосконалення породи та їх вплив на витривалість
keywords: генетичні особливості арабські коні вдосконалення породи вплив витривалість

query:    is an sat score of 1000 good?
keywords: SAT score 1000 good

query:    金银花有哪些颜色
keywords: 金银花 颜色 种类

query:    小腿肿胀疼我的小腿无缘无故肿疼，五年前肿过，一直到大腿，现在光膝盖以下肿，有时疼，原来小时候脚受过伤，和这个有关吗
keywords: 小腿肿胀 疼痛 原因 膝盖以下 旧伤 关联性

query:    USA McDonald's franchise owners, operators or managers: What is the purpose of two drive through ordering points for one drive though window?
keywords: USA McDonald's franchise owners operators managers drive through ordering points window purpose

query:    Question: 李晓旭参与的案件都有哪些犯罪嫌疑人？ Dialogue History: 请根据所给信息简要介绍一下李晓旭是什么人？
李晓旭是一个冒充律师并协助犯罪嫌疑人刘文忠逃跑的人。他在2018年10月22日被警方在黑龙江省哈尔滨市道外区一机路的一商铺门前抓获。
keywords: 李晓旭 案件 犯罪嫌疑人

query:    what is a kowethas an yeth kernelewek
keywords: kowethas yeth kernelewek definition

query:    why are flags at half staff in missouri?
keywords: Missouri flags half staff reason

query:    这几天突然又感觉胃酸酸的。恶心的感觉还有烧灼感。我之前有过慢性胃炎。最近饮食习惯不太好。早上不吃中午不吃。我一般下午才起床。然后晚上吃的有点多。请问我是不是复发了？
keywords: 慢性胃炎 复发 症状 胃酸 恶心 烧灼感 饮食习惯 不规律

query:    What is the rich phase diagram of unconventional superconductors determined by?
keywords: unconventional superconductors rich phase diagram determination factors

query:    卷曲是什么
keywords: 卷曲 定义 解释

query:    Is symptomatic suspected gluten exposure common among patients with coeliac disease on a gluten-free diet?
keywords: coeliac disease gluten-free diet symptomatic suspected gluten exposure common

query:    what speed does netflix require
keywords: Netflix internet speed requirements

query:    Wreck 'Em Tech!\nHello all!! \nI have a question. My father is coming down for OU vs. Tech game and I would like to know where the Tech fans are staying in Norman, Oklahoma, so I can book his hotel room (there is usually a discounted rate) and make him feel at home. Plz help!!
keywords: Texas Tech fans hotel Norman Oklahoma OU game discounted rates where staying

query:    Develop a Python module to manage the information of a library member, including their profile data and history of borrowed items. Your module should include error handling for common issues such as entering incorrect information or attempting to borrow more items than allowed. To challenge your programming skills, identify and correct the errors in the following piece of code as a reference for your own module:

```python
class LibMember:
  def __init__(self, name, member_id, books_borrowed = []):
    self.name = name
    self.id = member_id
    self.books_borrowed = books_borrowed

  def add_book(self, book):
    if len(self.books_borrowed) > 10:
      print("Cannot borrow more books!")
    else:
      self.books_borrowed.append(book)

  def remove_book(self, book):
    self.books_borrowed.remove(book)
    
  def display_books(self):
    for book in self.books_borrowed:
      print(book)

member1 = LibMember('John Doe', 'jd01')
member1.add_book('Harry Potter')
```
Remember to include unit tests to ensure the accuracy of your module.
keywords: Python library member management module profile borrowing history error handling code correction unit tests

query:    Is microsurgical resection of nonocclusive salpingitis isthmica nodosa beneficial?
keywords: microsurgical resection nonocclusive salpingitis isthmica nodosa beneficial

query:    中美科普影视在传播层面的比较分析
keywords: 中美 科普影视 传播 比较 分析

query:    when was the phrase the american dream coined
keywords: American Dream phrase coined when

query:    Where is the college located that Brian McGilloway currently teaches at?
keywords: Brian McGilloway college teaching location

query:    because i was on this music downloading site and they have this song called "Niggers" which is messed up cuz...im a fan of theirs...and im black...thats rude...if its true they are racist
keywords: music downloading site song "Niggers" racist controversy black fan

query:    who performed on the remix of dreamteam 's track tsekede
keywords: dreamteam tsekede remix performer

query:    متى تم العثور على حجر روزيتا ؟
keywords: حجر روزيتا العثور تاريخ

query:    What is the second largest fire department force in the world?
keywords: second largest fire department world

query:    再生可能エネルギー政策
keywords: 再生可能エネルギー 政策

query:    深度思考对于创业者来说比勤奋更重要吗？
keywords: 深度思考 创业者 重要性 勤奋 比较

query:    塑料里PC 和 PMMA 哪个熔点高,更容易塑化?
keywords: PC PMMA 熔点 塑化 比较

query:    who is the bard that sings at the court of the phaecians
keywords: bard sings court Phaeacians

query:    ローマの休日を監督したのは誰？
keywords: ローマの休日 監督 誰

query:    in the universal law of gravitation what does the symbol r stand for
keywords: universal law of gravitation symbol r meaning

query:    山西省可享受免征增值税及附加的公共交通运输服务包括哪些？
keywords: 山西省 公共交通运输服务 免征增值税 附加税 范围

query:    Végső vizsgálatom előtt egy egészséges, vegán, napsütésmentes ételre van szükségem.
keywords: végző vizsgálat előtt egészséges vegán napsütésmentes étel

query:    Do nrf2 Expressions Correlate with WHO Grades in Gliomas and Meningiomas?
keywords: NRF2 expression WHO grade glioma meningioma correlation

query:    Question: 狒狒的生活习性和特点是什么？ Dialogue History: 请问狒狒属于哪个科，分布在什么地区？
狒狒属于猴科，学名是papio。狒狒分布在阿拉伯半岛和非洲撒哈拉沙漠以南地区，即次撒哈拉非洲。这个地理分布信息说明了狒狒生活在一些比较广泛的地理区域。
keywords: 狒狒 生活习性 特点

query:    氨糖美辛肠溶胶囊吃后呕吐是这么回事是椎管狭窄干疼椎管狭窄保守治疗有办法吗、
keywords: 氨糖美辛肠溶胶囊 副作用 呕吐 椎管狭窄 保守治疗 方法

query:    怀孕得了阴道炎可以做四维彩超吗？我怀孕3个月，按照产检的时间，应该是去做四维彩超的。可是，我去医院检查时，被诊断出阴道炎，请问这样还可以做四维彩超吗？之前没有出现过类似的情况怀孕得了阴道炎可以做四维彩超吗？
keywords: 怀孕 阴道炎 四维彩超 影响 能做吗

query:    what does incrementing mean
keywords: incrementing meaning definition

query:    how much does it cost to ship a motorcycle cross country?
keywords: motorcycle cross country shipping cost

query:    有助于憩室炎的食物
keywords: 憩室炎 有益食物 饮食建议

query:    who sang leave luck to heaven
keywords: leave luck to heaven singer

query:    合生元可以治疗便秘吗
keywords: 合生元 治疗 便秘

query:    清蒸罗非鱼的做法
keywords: 清蒸 罗非鱼 做法

query:    The singer of "Jag Ghoomeya" is a musician of what nationality?
keywords: Jag Ghoomeya singer nationality

query:    who does joe manganiello play in true blood
keywords: Joe Manganiello True Blood character role

query:    what is the difference between a sponge and a sourdough starter?
keywords: sponge sourdough starter difference

query:    谁是斯蒂芬劳伦斯
keywords: 斯蒂芬劳伦斯 身份

query:    Quelles sont les différentes périodes de la Préhistoire en Europe ?
keywords: Préhistoire périodes Europe

query:    are cantaloupes good for dogs?
keywords: cantaloupes dogs safety benefits

query:    in which swiss city are the viking river cruises based
keywords: Viking River Cruises headquarters Swiss city

query:    How can a head transplant take place without killing a patient?
keywords: head transplant procedure survival patient safety

query:    如何净化武器
keywords: 武器 净化 方法

query:    Какие онлайн-платформы и курсы предлагают лучшее обучение цифровому искусству для начинающих художников?
keywords: цифровое искусство обучение онлайн-платформы курсы начинающие художники

query:    我ALT320，AST110，GGT100，甲肝，乙肝，丙肝什么的都查过，都没有，是重度脂肪肝。过几天要体检了，可以有什么办法快速降低下来应付？上个月做过肝脏的各种检查，包括增强CT，就只是重度脂肪肝。怎样可以三四天内降低转氨酶指标，应付过体检啊？
keywords: 重度脂肪肝 转氨酶 ALT AST GGT 快速降低 体检 三四天 应付

query:    को निरोध करने के लिए योग का उपयोग कैसे किया जाता है?
keywords: निरोध योग उपयोग

query:    minnie mouse onesie baby girl
keywords: minnie mouse onesie baby girl

query:    如果我欠汽车贷款并且有人想从我这里购买，流程是什么
keywords: 汽车贷款 转让 购买 流程

query:    are you willing to relocate question?
keywords: relocate willingness question

query:    Write a piece of code in C++ to print all prime numbers between 1 and N, where N is a positive integer provided by the user. The code should also determine the sum of all prime numbers found and print it. Additionally, the code should also print the largest prime number found within the range. 
In addition to the above requirements, the code should also print the count of all prime numbers found within the range and calculate the product of all prime numbers found.
keywords: C++ code print prime numbers 1 to N sum largest prime count product

query:    20176.4.号我儿子在孕周36周1出生，在医院住了三天，出院时测量黄疸头上13.3身上10.5.医生开的茵栀黄口服液，说回去按时吃，吃到6.12号，去复测黄疸时，头测20.1身测21.学测360.医生建议住院治疗，第一天照蓝光6小时下降7.5-7.停光后反复到11.1-11.再照12小时后降到4.5-4.7.停光之后反复到10.1-10.5，血测270.还要再照光，在这期间医生打电话，让做一个核磁看看胆红素有没有进到脑子里面·核磁结果显示在大脑什么双侧有轻微沉淀，暂无任何神经反应和临床反应。。。。现在医生说还要再住两天观察·
keywords: 新生儿 黄疸 36周 出生 茵栀黄口服液 复测 胆红素 升高 蓝光治疗 反复 核磁共振 大脑双侧 轻微沉淀 住院观察

query:    这个技能是一个冰属性攻击，能够冻结目标一段时间，并且在冰冻状态下目标受到的伤害增加。请提供一个对应的特效展示，最好包括技能释放时的光效和目标被冻结的状态变化。
keywords: 冰属性攻击 冻结目标 伤害增加 特效展示 技能释放光效 冻结状态变化

query:    Why did the banks "need" to get bailed out after the 2008 crisis?

And why, when there is talk of bank insolvency today, is there still talk about "bailouts", but when other major companies look to be financially unstable, the same doesn't seem to apply?
keywords: 2008金融危机 银行 救助 原因 银行破产 其他大公司 财务不稳定 区别

query:    Does environmental enrichment improve functional and neuropathological indices following stroke in young and aged rats?
keywords: environmental enrichment functional neuropathological indices stroke young aged rats

query:    what is coliform testing
keywords: coliform testing definition

query:    What are the benefits of using SimulScribe according to the users' experiences shared in the context?
keywords: SimulScribe benefits user experiences reviews

query:    how much fossil fuel is left? when will it run out?
keywords: fossil fuel reserves depletion timeline

query:    Question: 在清华园的发展过程中，哪些重要历史事件发生在这里？ Dialogue History: 据《春明梦余录》、《明水轩日记》等文献记载，明代的清华园有怎样的特点呢？
据这些文献记载，明代中叶时的清华园园域非常广阔，方圆达十华里。园内利用西山泉水汇聚成湖泊，占据了园林面积的大半。当时的清华园被誉为“京师第一名园”，其在设计上特意充分利用了当地水源的优势。此外，园中盛放着各种名贵花卉：“牡丹以千计，芍药以万计”。园内还有两万株柳树形成的柳堤，相当壮观。

清华园拥有丰富的景致，包括各式楼台亭榭及怪石。值得一提的是，游客在登上园中的楼台看到的美丽景观包括了西山秀色。明代的清华园不仅规模宏大，而且景观美不胜收，堪称一绝。
你能给我介绍一下清华园的起源和发展吗？
清华园的起源可以追溯到清朝道光二年（1822年），当时熙春园分为东西两园，工字厅以西部分称近春园，以东称清华园。清华园赐五皇子奕综，近春园四皇子赐奕詝。咸丰登基后，将东边的熙春园改名为“清华园”。现存清华园门匾是清代咸丰皇帝所赐。

清华园的发展源于一个转折点。1905年，清政府收回荒废的清华园，将其用于改建肄业馆，取名清华学堂。1911年，清华学堂正式开学，随后两年即1913年度清华学校将近春园等地并入，从此发展成为了现今的清华大学。
keywords: 清华园 历史事件 重要 发展过程

query:    被踢蛋视频
keywords: 被踢蛋 视频

query:    Do macrophages promote progression of spasmolytic polypeptide-expressing metaplasia after acute loss of parietal cells?
keywords: macrophages promote progression spasmolytic polypeptide-expressing metaplasia acute loss parietal cells

query:    Tuliskan satu ucapan dalam satu kempen menjaga kebersihan diri dari ketua murid.
keywords: ucapan ketua murid kempen kebersihan diri

query:    The hymn 'Dear Lord And Father Of Mankind' is usually sung to which tune by Hubert Parry?
keywords: Dear Lord And Father Of Mankind hymn tune Hubert Parry

query:    Question: 这个菜有什么特殊的功效和适用人群吗？ Dialogue History: 请告诉我干豆腐拌黄瓜这道菜的做法。
你好！干豆腐拌黄瓜是一道简单且美味的菜肴，制作步骤如下：

1. 将干辣椒洗净切成细丝，放入烧热的油锅中炸出香味，待用。
2. 干豆腐、黄瓜分别洗净，均切成细丝。
3. 香菜择洗干净切成段。
4. 把干豆腐丝、黄瓜丝、香菜段和各种调料（辣椒丝、酱油、盐、味精、香油）拌到一起，调好口味即可装盘。

这样制作出来的干豆腐拌黄瓜既简单又清爽，适合夏季食用。
keywords: 干豆腐拌黄瓜 功效 适用人群

query:    what do basque people call themselves
keywords: Basque people self-designation

query:    symptoms hrt helps
keywords: HRT symptoms relief benefits

query:    sobieszowice czech republic
keywords: sobieszowice czech republic

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 版型：显瘦 | 风格：性感 | 图案：线条 | 图案：印花 | 裙下摆：荷叶边 | 裙腰型：高腰 | 裙长：连衣裙 | 裙领型：v领 | 裙衣门襟：暗扣
keywords: 连衣裙 高腰 V领 荷叶边 显瘦 性感 线条印花 暗扣

query:    অধ্যাপক ড. ইয়াজউদ্দিন আহম্মেদের জন্মসাল কত ?
keywords: অধ্যাপক ড. ইয়াজউদ্দিন আহম্মেদ জন্মসাল

query:    who played huggy bear in the original starsky and hutch
keywords: Starsky and Hutch Huggy Bear actor original

query:    where is sanza italy
keywords: sanza italy location

query:    打一针美白针需要多少钱
keywords: 美白针 价格 费用

query:    what is the largest jail in alameda county
keywords: largest jail Alameda County

query:    How does the "sequential empirical bayes method" refine constrained curve fitting?
keywords: sequential empirical Bayes method constrained curve fitting refinement

query:    Is d-dimer useful in the diagnosis of cortical venous sinus thrombosis?
keywords: d-dimer diagnosis cortical venous sinus thrombosis

query:    2017年9月黄道吉日
keywords: 2017年9月 黄道吉日

query:    where is the broadway mansions in shanghai
keywords: Broadway Mansions Shanghai location

query:    passport wallet with zipper
keywords: passport wallet zipper

query:    how many lifeboats were involved in the rescue of the stv aristocrat
keywords: STV Aristocrat rescue lifeboats number

query:    我的家人可以闻到我身上的异味，但我闻不到我怕我的同学也可以闻到。在生活里我怎样可以消除狐臭或者吃什么东西之类的可以帮助到我。
keywords: 狐臭 消除 方法 食物 帮助 异味 同学 闻到

query:    云班课做什么的
keywords: 云班课 功能 用途

query:    跑步脚痛怎么快速恢复
keywords: 跑步 脚痛 快速恢复 方法

query:    what was mary mitchell famous for
keywords: Mary Mitchell famous achievements

query:    关于婚前财产问题，婚前财产范围是什么
keywords: 婚前财产 范围 界定

query:    中国铁路ND5型柴油机车的制造商是谁？
keywords: 中国铁路 ND5型 柴油机车 制造商

query:    how do you know if someone blocked your number on instagram?
keywords: Instagram blocked number check

query:    Which is the nearest British town to Beachy Head?
keywords: Beachy Head nearest British town

query:    极端低温分布模型在邓恩桉抗寒性标准定量化应用的研究
keywords: 极端低温分布模型 邓恩桉 抗寒性 标准 定量化 应用 研究

query:    身体调理与饮食习惯
keywords: 身体调理 饮食习惯 健康

query:    what is the name of the third album by the scaramanga six
keywords: Scaramanga Six third album name

query:    psb和psd的区别
keywords: psb psd 区别

query:    temperature in narragansett
keywords: temperature Narragansett

query:    Which Asian country is bordered by Burma, Laos, Cambodia and Malaysia?
keywords: Thailand borders Burma Laos Cambodia Malaysia

query:    what is esus4 chord on guitar?
keywords: esus4 chord guitar

query:    ไลท์นิง เป็นตัวเกมส์ชายหรือหญิง ?
keywords: ไลท์นิง ตัวละคร เพศ ชาย หญิง

query:    未婚生子孩子不抚养是否犯法
keywords: 未婚生子 抚养 法律责任 违法

query:    在中国什么名字意味着聪明
keywords: 中国 名字 聪明 含义

query:    where does the tv show last man standing take place
keywords: last man standing tv show location setting

query:    biggest employer in the world.
keywords: largest employer world

query:    香港はいつ返還された
keywords: 香港 返還 時期

query:    what does it mean when you see a white roach?
keywords: white roach meaning symbolism

query:    How much did GE agree to pay in claims for the pollution it caused in the Housatonic River and other sites?
keywords: GE Housatonic River pollution claims settlement amount

query:    what companies manufacture anomatic products
keywords: anomatic products manufacturers companies

query:    The process of blood coagulation in wounds
keywords: blood coagulation process wounds

query:    途岳跟锐际哪个好
keywords: 途岳 锐际 对比 哪个好

query:    How is the USB icon located to each receptacle?
keywords: USB icon receptacle location

query:    Ada berapa jenis kitab Injil?
keywords: kitab Injil jenis jumlah

query:    Does a furanocoumarin-free grapefruit juice establish furanocoumarins as the mediators of the grapefruit juice-felodipine interaction?
keywords: furanocoumarin-free grapefruit juice furanocoumarins mediators grapefruit juice felodipine interaction

query:    where was may miles thomas filmed in the uk
keywords: May Miles Thomas filmed UK locations

query:    Which TV celebrity is married to Charles Saatchi?
keywords: Charles Saatchi married TV celebrity

query:    Question: 猪肉中有很多抗生素，请问这对我们的健康有何影响？ Dialogue History: 猪肉是我们日常饮食中重要的一种肉类，但是它会对身体产生什么影响？
您提到的问题是很重要的，因为猪肉虽然是日常食品，但仍有可能对身体产生负面影响。多食或冷食猪肉易引起胃肠饱胀或腹胀腹泻。对于脂肪肉及猪油，患高血压或偏瘫（中风）病者及肠胃虚寒、虚肥身体、痰湿盛、宿食不化者应慎食或少食之。
非常感谢，猪肉的维生素含量是怎么样的呢？
同等重量下，猪肉的维生素b1含量是牛肉的4倍多，是羊肉和鸡肉的5倍多。维生素b1与神经系统的功能关系密切，能改善产后抑郁症状，还能消除人体疲劳。
我想了解一下关于猪肉的营养成分。
您好，猪肉是一种重要的动物性食品，其中主要的营养成分包括蛋白质、碳水化合物和脂肪。猪肉口味甘咸平，性质平和，适合多数人群食用。
keywords: 猪肉 抗生素 健康影响

query:    痔疮手术7天后伤口不疼就是好了吗，不用换药行吗？痔疮手术7天后伤口不疼就是好了吗，不用换药行吗。
keywords: 痔疮手术 7天 伤口 不疼 愈合 换药 必要

query:    The lowest of the Alpine passes at what elevation?
keywords: Alpine passes lowest elevation

query:    湖南省公务员考试成绩
keywords: 湖南省 公务员考试 成绩

query:    distance between the hague and amsterdam
keywords: distance The Hague Amsterdam

query:    Simon Henwood is best known for directing a Kanye West song released on which day ?
keywords: Simon Henwood Kanye West song directing release date

query:    土壤修复周期的影响因素有哪些？
keywords: 土壤修复 周期 影响因素

query:    探讨生物资源的可持续利用方法
keywords: 生物资源 可持续利用 方法

query:    Create a rake task in Ruby that updates the system time and logs the current date and time to a file named "time.log". Additionally, implement a feature that allows the user to specify the format in which the date and time should be logged in the file. The available format options should include: "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS", "MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM:SS", "DD/MM/YYYY HH:MM:SS", "YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS AM/PM", "MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM:SS AM/PM", and "DD/MM/YYYY HH:MM:SS AM/PM". The user should be able to provide the desired format as a command line argument when executing the rake task.

Furthermore, the rake task should support logging the date and time in multiple time zones. The user should be able to specify the desired time zone as a command line argument when executing the rake task. The available time zones should include at least "UTC", "EST", and "PST". The logged date and time should be converted to the specified time zone before being logged to the file.

The rake task should also validate the command line arguments to ensure that the provided format and time zone are valid options. If an invalid format or time zone is provided, an appropriate error message should be displayed.

Note: You may need to use external libraries to handle the time zone conversion and formatting.
keywords: Ruby rake task 创建 系统时间 更新 日志 当前日期时间 文件 time.log 用户指定 格式 命令行参数 格式选项 YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS MM/DD/YYYY HH:MM:SS DD/MM/YYYY HH:MM:SS AM/PM 多时区 日志 时区转换 命令行参数 时区选项 UTC EST PST 参数验证 错误处理 外部库

query:    Does the nucleotide synthesis enzyme CAD inhibit NOD2 antibacterial function in human intestinal epithelial cells?
keywords: CAD enzyme nucleotide synthesis NOD2 antibacterial function inhibition human intestinal epithelial cells

query:    when will the ten season of murdoch mysteries come on
keywords: Murdoch Mysteries season 10 release date

query:    Why did Gaddafi drop out of college?
keywords: Gaddafi drop out college reason

query:    Is p38 MAP kinase a mediator of ischemic preconditioning in pigs?
keywords: p38 MAP kinase mediator ischemic preconditioning pigs

query:    模糊随机桁架结构可靠性指标的灵敏度分析
keywords: 模糊随机 桁架结构 可靠性指标 灵敏度分析

query:    饿的时候手脚发软发抖，浑身无力，感觉很难受的样子，请问我这样是不是低血糖？可以怎么治疗？
keywords: 低血糖 症状 手脚发软 发抖 浑身无力 治疗

query:    Ascertain the quantity of nodes present in a circular linked list without resorting to traversal, while concurrently confirming the list's perfect circularity (each node is linked to its immediate successor and the final node reconnects to the initial node). The head of the list is represented as follows: 1 -&gt; 2 -&gt; 3 -&gt; 4 -&gt; 5 -&gt; 1.
keywords: circular linked list count nodes without traversal verify perfect circularity head 1 2 3 4 5

query:    how many millionares are there in the usa
keywords: millionaires USA number count

query:    How come even though me and my friend eat the same amount of food he gains more weight?
keywords: weight gain difference same food intake friend comparison

query:    where does the owner of in n out live
keywords: In-N-Out owner residence location

query:    ручной блендер инструкция
keywords: ручной блендер инструкция

query:    Supposing I don't seek any kind of treatment, how (un)likely is it for me to die from a common cold / fever?
keywords: common cold fever mortality rate untreated prognosis

query:    雷锋原名.
keywords: 雷锋 原名

query:    The 2013 film ‘Rush’ is about the rivalry between which two former Formula One racing drivers?
keywords: Rush 2013 film rivalry Formula One racing drivers

query:    Does the extrageniculate visual pathway generate distinct response properties in the higher visual areas of mice?
keywords: extrageniculate visual pathway response properties higher visual areas mice

query:    who played the little girl in the movie matilda
keywords: Matilda movie little girl actress

query:    Construct an advanced Node.js script that establishes a link to a PostgreSQL database and executes a multifaceted SQL join operation, guaranteeing the proficient extraction and modification of data. This script should require multiple phases of logical reasoning and troubleshooting, with a special focus on manipulating complex database schemas and supervising simultaneous database transactions.
keywords: Node.js PostgreSQL 数据库连接 SQL JOIN 操作 数据提取 数据修改 复杂数据库模式 并发事务管理 高级脚本 故障排除

query:    关于开源软件的知识产权保护问题
keywords: 开源软件 知识产权 保护 问题

query:    zookeeper选举算法
keywords: zookeeper 选举 算法

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 材质：蕾丝 | 颜色：蓝色 | 风格：复古 | 风格：性感 | 图案：复古 | 图案：蕾丝 | 裙长：半身裙 | 裙领型：一字领 | 裙款式：勾花镂空 | 裙款式：纽扣
keywords: 裙 蕾丝 蓝色 复古 性感 一字领 半身裙 勾花镂空 纽扣

query:    কৃত্রিম বুদ্ধিমত্তার নৈতিকতা সম্পর্কে বিশদ তথ্য
keywords: কৃত্রিম বুদ্ধিমত্তা নৈতিকতা বিশদ তথ্য

query:    laeacco
keywords: laeacco

query:    Does lipolytic activity of bacterial lipase survive better than that of porcine lipase in human gastric and duodenal content?
keywords: bacterial lipase porcine lipase lipolytic activity survival human gastric duodenal content

query:    爆枪英雄哪个尸宠好
keywords: 爆枪英雄 尸宠 推荐 选择

query:    js数据类型有那些
keywords: js 数据类型 种类

query:    dietary fibre association with cancer
keywords: dietary fibre cancer association

query:    this is a sensory memory that contain mental traces of sound
keywords: sensory memory mental traces sound

query:    What are the four fundamental interactions involved in inducing low energy nuclear reactions?
keywords: four fundamental interactions low energy nuclear reactions

query:    ‘ఝండా ఊంఛా రహే హమారా’ దేశ భక్తి గేయం రాయండి:
keywords: దేశ భక్తి గేయం రాయండి ఝండా ఊంఛా రహే హమారా

query:    When did the Thames Valley Athletics Centre open?
keywords: Thames Valley Athletics Centre opening date

query:    cost of johns hopkins tuition
keywords: Johns Hopkins tuition cost

query:    Question: How did hurricane flossy affect the united states, particularly louisiana? Dialogue History: How did hurricane flossy affect oil refining in the gulf of mexico?
Hurricane flossy had a notable impact on oil refining in the gulf of mexico, marking the first hurricane to cause significant disruptions in the region. During flossy's passage, several hundred active oil wells went out of service and drilling came to a temporary halt.

One instance of damage occurred to a tender belonging to the humble company. Three-quarters of the tender's mooring chains were compromised by the hurricane, causing it to swing into an adjacent oil platform. This resulted in approximately $200,000 worth of damage (in 1956 usd). The loss in production due to downtime seemed to have a more significant financial impact than the actual physical damage caused by flossy.

Fortunately, there was no loss of life related to the hurricane's impact on oil refining in the gulf of mexico. However, due to the substantial effects on the industry, the american petroleum institute created a committee called fundamental research on weather forecasting. The objective of this committee was to develop mathematical models and use historical data to better predict hurricane formation and trajectories, potentially minimizing the impact on the oil industry in the future. Although various studies were conducted until 1962, a reliable forecast mechanism was not found.
Meteorological history of hurricane flossy?
Certainly! Hurricane flossy originated as a tropical disturbance that moved northwards from the eastern pacific ocean. Between september 20 and 21, 1956, this disturbance crossed through guatemala, reaching the northwest caribbean sea. It soon transformed into a tropical cyclone and moved across the yucatán peninsula as a tropical depression.

On september 22, while in the gulf of mexico, it became a tropical storm and later escalated to a hurricane on september 23. Flossy reached its peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 90 mph (150 km/h). The hurricane changed its course significantly, turning sharply east-northeast across the mouth of the mississippi river on september 24 as a minor hurricane.

Flossy continued to maintain its east-northeast path, making landfall in florida, just east of pensacola. The system transitioned into an extratropical cyclone after leaving florida and moved along the atlantic seaboard near the virginia capes. It then took a slow course through shipping lanes between canada and bermuda, guided by a high-pressure system in southeast canada.
keywords: Hurricane Flossy impact United States Louisiana

query:    Does the hippocampus of Ames dwarf mice exhibit enhanced antioxidative defenses following kainic acid-induced oxidative stress?
keywords: hippocampus Ames dwarf mice antioxidative defenses kainic acid oxidative stress

query:    definition for hierarchical
keywords: hierarchical definition

query:    what is ny minimum wage 2018?
keywords: New York minimum wage 2018

query:    What can electroexcitation of the nucleon resonances tell us about the underlying hadronic/quark structure?
keywords: nucleon resonances electroexcitation hadronic structure quark structure

query:    Where in Brazil is most of the German descendants located?
keywords: Brazil German descendants location concentration

query:    In a 1910 song it was down by this "where I first met you"
keywords: 1910 song down by where I first met you lyrics

query:    Which administration allowed affirmative action to take a frontseat to other issues?
keywords: affirmative action administration frontseat priority

query:    荣耀6和畅享5s哪个好
keywords: 荣耀6 畅享5s 对比 哪个好

query:    Question: 请问，锂电池电动车是什么？它与普通汽车有什么区别？ Dialogue History:
keywords: 锂电池电动车 定义 普通汽车 区别

query:    التغيرات المناخية والزراعة في الشرق الأوسط
keywords: التغيرات المناخية الزراعة الشرق الأوسط

query:    where is the valuable oil called spermaceti located on a sperm whale
keywords: sperm whale spermaceti oil location

query:    Use a for loop to sum all the even elements in an array of positive integers and return the sum. The array should have at least 10 elements. Additionally, the sum should be multiplied by the first element in the array before returning the final result.
keywords: for loop sum even elements array positive integers at least 10 elements multiply first element return result

query:    many services, such as travel, translations in two languages, and many other sevices that people who don't speak english can take advantage of? how and where do I start? What do I need?
keywords: non-English speakers services travel translation how to start requirements

query:    His urban estate at 900 East Ave. in Rochester, N.Y. is a museum of photography & film
keywords: 900 East Ave Rochester N.Y. urban estate museum photography film

query:    The actor that plays Ben Wyatt in "Parks and Recreation" also stars with Toni Collette and David Koechner in a 2015 film directed by who?
keywords: Ben Wyatt Parks and Recreation actor Toni Collette David Koechner 2015 film director

query:    双向搜索算法的发现者是谁？
keywords: 双向搜索算法 发现者

query:    Kuka tai mikä on Rinne Rokudõ?
keywords: Rinne Rokudō 身份 介绍

query:    mini face
keywords: mini face

query:    Is there a dragon dance?
keywords: dragon dance

query:    小三阳的传染途径
keywords: 小三阳 传染途径

query:    세계 도시 여행
keywords: 세계 도시 여행

query:    when did nimbuzz become a company
keywords: nimbuzz company founded date

query:    valerik 名字的含义
keywords: valerik 名字 含义

query:    云南主要的16种竹种之竹材结构及其造纸性能研究
keywords: 云南 竹种 竹材结构 造纸性能 研究

query:    Is tramadol plus metamizole combined or not with anti-inflammatory drugs clinically effective for moderate to severe chronic pain treatment in cancer patients?
keywords: tramadol metamizole combination anti-inflammatory drugs clinical effectiveness moderate severe chronic pain treatment cancer patients

query:    betsy ross 的旗帜在哪场战争中飘扬
keywords: betsy ross flag 战争

query:    小孩积食会不会发热？我家宝宝五个月了咳嗽肚子涨怎么办？
keywords: 小孩积食 发热 宝宝 五个月 咳嗽 肚子涨 怎么办

query:    who directed the movie the river rat
keywords: the river rat director

query:    妊娠合并缺铁性贫血的病因是什么？
keywords: 妊娠 缺铁性贫血 病因

query:    how many performances did brigadoon on broadway
keywords: Brigadoon Broadway performances number

query:    where does the queen charlotte fault meet the cascadia subduction zone
keywords: Queen Charlotte Fault Cascadia Subduction Zone intersection location

query:    Which country was known as Democratic Kampuchea when it was ruled by the Khmer Rouge From 1975 to 1990?
keywords: Democratic Kampuchea Khmer Rouge rule 1975 1990 country

query:    Were Control Room and Project Grizzly made by the same person?
keywords: Control Room Project Grizzly 同一制作人

query:    加利福尼亚斯托克顿的天气预报
keywords: 斯托克顿 加利福尼亚 天气预报

query:    How would you reverse the elements in this array without using any additional data structures and in-place?
keywords: reverse array in-place without additional data structures

query:    Other than obesity, what else would trademark an imbalance in nutrition?
keywords: nutrition imbalance causes besides obesity

query:    二手房销售技巧
keywords: 二手房 销售技巧

query:    특허 침해 소송 사례
keywords: 특허 침해 소송 사례

query:    who sings body on me
keywords: body on me singer

query:    Bahari la Mediteranea lina ukubwa wa kiasi gani?
keywords: Bahari la Mediteranea ukubwa kiasi

query:    四种食物致癌
keywords: 食物 致癌 四种

query:    密苏里州需要驾照的年龄
keywords: 密苏里州 驾照 年龄 要求

query:    Does immunity to nerve growth factor prevent afferent plasticity following urinary bladder hypertrophy?
keywords: immunity nerve growth factor prevent afferent plasticity urinary bladder hypertrophy

query:    食(饮)具消毒设备有哪些操作规程？
keywords: 食具消毒设备 饮具消毒设备 操作规程

query:    What are some features of the Drift Max City Mod Apk game?
keywords: Drift Max City Mod Apk features

query:    If the acoustics of a concert hall offer too much echo, how should I play to make my playing sound as good as possible?
keywords: concert hall acoustics echo playing sound improvement

query:    眼睛和半边脸麻木我老爸左眼睛麻木了睁不开。麻木症状从左眼睛到鼻梁都是麻木的去检查说是鼻咽癌
keywords: 鼻咽癌 眼睛麻木 半边脸麻木 症状 检查

query:    how does afterload play a role in treatment of hypertension
keywords: afterload hypertension treatment role

query:    how much required to put down on mortgage for new house
keywords: mortgage down payment new house required amount

query:    市銷率用什麼作對比？
keywords: 市銷率 對比 基準

query:    Hard Choices is a memoir of former United States Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, published by Simon & Schuster in 2014, giving her account of which event, where she served as the 67th United States Secretary of State, under President Barack Obama, from 2009 to 2013, overseeing the department that conducted the Foreign policy of Barack Obama?
keywords: Hard Choices memoir Hillary Clinton Secretary of State 2009 2013 events

query:    宝马5系前挡风玻璃多少钱
keywords: 宝马5系 前挡风玻璃 价格

query:    what is the role of clostridium difficile in food poisoning?
keywords: Clostridium difficile food poisoning role

query:    how far is fort myers to tampa
keywords: Fort Myers Tampa distance

query:    How old was George H. Brimhall when he completed High School?
keywords: George H. Brimhall age high school graduation

query:    Question: 这首歌所属的专辑叫什么？ Dialogue History: 请简单描述一下《肤浅》歌词的内容。
《肤浅》歌词描述了一个人在走向社会后，追求表面繁华、欲望和虚荣的过程中失去了内心的纯真和价值观。人们以所谓的成功和名誉为目标，却在无尽的奋斗中迷失了自己。歌曲谈及了诸如有太多欲望会留下伤痕，过于追求物质导致悲哀和无奈等社会现象。如果您需要更多信息，请继续提问。
能否详细告诉我这首歌的制作信息？
当然可以。根据信息内容，《肤浅》的制作信息如下：

词曲：良辰
演唱：良辰
伴唱：痞子豆、乐海拾音、李佳颖
编曲：良辰
混音：良辰

如您对其他方面有疑问，请随时告知，我会尽快为您解答。
谁负责《肤浅》的词曲创作和编曲？
《肤浅》的词曲创作、编曲都是由良辰负责的。如果您有其他问题，请随时提问。
请问这首名为《肤浅》的歌曲是谁演唱的？
你好！这首名为《肤浅》的歌曲是由良辰演唱的。请告诉我您需要了解更多的信息，我会尽量帮助您。
keywords: 肤浅 专辑 名称

query:    乳房疼用手捏感觉有硬块是怎么了
keywords: 乳房疼痛 硬块 手捏 原因

query:    Sony and Emirates Airlines withdrew their sponsorship in 2014 from which global organization after ongoing corruption scandals?
keywords: Sony Emirates Airlines sponsorship withdrawal 2014 corruption scandals global organization

query:    辐照对透明质酸理化特性的影响
keywords: 辐照 透明质酸 理化特性 影响

query:    what is difference between computer and ipad?
keywords: computer iPad difference comparison

query:    Both Green River and Phantogram are bands of which nationality?
keywords: Green River Phantogram 乐队 国籍

query:    are high powered lasers illegal?
keywords: high powered lasers illegal legality

query:    Is childhood sexual abuse highly associated with HIV risk-taking behavior and infection among MSM in the EXPLORE Study?
keywords: childhood sexual abuse HIV risk-taking behavior infection MSM EXPLORE Study association

query:    Onko Alankomaissa monarkia?
keywords: Alankomaat monarkia

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 风格：复古 | 风格：文艺 | 图案：蝴蝶结 | 图案：复古 | 裙腰型：高腰 | 裙长：连衣裙 | 裙衣门襟：系带 | 裙款式：木耳边
keywords: 裙 连衣裙 高腰 复古 文艺 蝴蝶结 系带 木耳边

query:    孕妇便秘怎么有效解决？怀孕五个多月了，一直都有便秘，但不是很严重，不知道是不是坐得太多而运动的又太少的关系，这几天便秘有所加重，有时候在厕所呆半天都大不出来，又敢乱用药，有办法能改善不。请问孕妇得了便秘有什么有效的解决方法？
keywords: 孕妇 便秘 解决方法 怀孕 五个月 运动 改善 安全

query:    carl goldberg airplanes where are they manufactured
keywords: Carl Goldberg airplanes manufacturing location

query:    where is the tv show the goldbergs filmed
keywords: the goldbergs filming location

query:    艾滋病通过什么途径传播？
keywords: 艾滋病 传播途径

query:    คำถาม: ในการแปลเอกสารด้านการแพทย์และสาธารณสุขเภสัช ควรพิจารณาปัจจัยใดที่สำคัญที่สุดในการเลือกผู้แปลเอกสาร?
keywords: การแปลเอกสาร การแพทย์ สาธารณสุข เภสัช ปัจจัยสำคัญ การเลือก ผู้แปล

query:    谁写了傲慢与偏见
keywords: 傲慢与偏见 作者

query:    京东快递员待遇怎么样
keywords: 京东快递员 待遇 薪资 福利

query:    when was the derby last run on a wednesday
keywords: derby last run Wednesday date

query:    星露谷火车来了什么用
keywords: 星露谷 火车 作用 用途

query:    报告老板i
keywords: 报告老板

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 风格：性感 | 图案：蝴蝶结 | 图案：创意 | 图案：线条 | 衣样式：衬衫 | 衣门襟：系带 | 衣款式：露背
keywords: 上衣 衬衫 性感 露背 系带 蝴蝶结 创意 线条

query:    Create a Python program that extracts all unique words from a given sentence and counts the frequency of each word. The program should handle sentences with punctuation marks and words in different cases (uppercase and lowercase). Additionally, exclude common stop words such as "the", "and", "a", etc. from the final list of unique words. Implement the program using only basic data structures and algorithms, without using any built-in Python libraries or functions for text processing.

In addition to the requirements mentioned above, your program should also handle cases where words are separated by special characters such as hyphens and apostrophes. For example, in the sentence "I'm happy-go-lucky", the words should be extracted as "I'm", "happy-go-lucky", and the frequency should be counted accordingly.

Furthermore, the program should also handle cases where the input sentence contains non-English characters or words from languages other than English. The program should be able to correctly extract and count the frequency of words in these cases as well.

To make the program more efficient, implement a data structure that allows quick lookup and insertion of words. This will help optimize the counting process and reduce the time complexity of the program.

To provide a piece of erroneous code as a reference, include a function that tries to extract words using regular expressions but fails due to incorrect pattern matching. The program should then fallback to a different method to ensure correct word extraction and counting.
keywords: Python 程序 提取 唯一 单词 句子 计数 频率 处理 标点 大小写 排除 停用词 基本 数据结构 算法 不用 内置 库 函数 文本 处理 特殊 字符 连字符 撇号 非英语 字符 多语言 高效 数据结构 快速 查找 插入 优化 时间 复杂度 错误 代码 正则表达式 模式 匹配 失败 备用 方法

query:    Layia and Ptelea are genus' of what species?
keywords: Layia Ptelea genus species

query:    近视性黄斑变性怎么治疗
keywords: 近视性黄斑变性 治疗 方法

query:    Does simultaneous exposure to nicotine and hyperoxia cause tumors in hamsters?
keywords: simultaneous exposure nicotine hyperoxia cause tumors hamsters

query:    when is sims mobile coming to the us
keywords: sims mobile US release date

query:    《沂蒙山小调》是哪的民歌？
keywords: 沂蒙山小调 民歌 出处

query:    我血检怀孕了，检查的卵巢左侧有低回声，周边可见半环状血流信号，怎么回事啊
keywords: 血检怀孕 卵巢左侧 低回声 半环状血流信号 原因

query:    法相森严什么意思
keywords: 法相森严 意思 含义

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 版型：h | 风格：潮 | 风格：性感 | 图案：字母 | 图案：文字 | 图案：线条 | 图案：印花 | 裙腰型：高腰 | 裙长：连衣裙 | 裙领型：v领 | 裙款式：绑带
keywords: 裙 h版型 潮 性感 字母 文字 线条 印花 高腰 连衣裙 v领 绑带

query:    Twin-Jet vs. Quad-Jet, and why the latter has a declining usage in Aviation Industry?
keywords: Twin-Jet Quad-Jet 使用率 下降 航空业 原因

query:    difference between mucous and serous membrane
keywords: mucous serous membrane difference

query:    老君堂村为什么不拆
keywords: 老君堂村 拆迁 原因

query:    You are tasked with creating a Python program that simulates a simple game of "Guess the Number." The program should generate a random number between 1 and 100, and then prompt the user to guess the number. After each guess, the program should provide feedback on whether the guess was too high, too low, or correct. The game should continue until the user guesses the correct number. To add a time limit to the game, the program should automatically end if the user takes more than 60 seconds to guess the correct number.

Your task is to complete the Python program by implementing the game logic and the time limit functionality. Use the provided code snippet as a starting point and ensure that the program adheres to the specified requirements.

```python
import random
import time

def guess_the_number():
    number_to_guess = random.randint(1, 100)
    start_time = time.time()

    while True:
        if time.time() - start_time > 60:
            print("Time's up! You took too long to guess.")
            break

        user_guess = input("Guess the number (between 1 and 100): ")
        if not user_guess.isdigit():
            print("Please enter a valid number.")
            continue

        user_guess = int(user_guess)
        if user_guess < 1 or user_guess > 100:
            print("Please enter a number between 1 and 100.")
            continue

        if user_guess < number_to_guess:
            print("Too low! Try again.")
        elif user_guess > number_to_guess:
            print("Too high! Try again.")
        else:
            print("Congratulations! You guessed the correct number.")
            break

guess_the_number()
```
keywords: Python 猜数字游戏 时间限制 60秒 随机数 用户输入 反馈 程序实现

query:    Does transfection of p27kip1 enhance radiosensitivity induced by 60Co gamma-irradiation in hepatocellular carcinoma HepG2 cell line?
keywords: p27kip1 transfection radiosensitivity enhancement 60Co gamma-irradiation hepatocellular carcinoma HepG2 cell line

query:    Question: What are some examples of sitting u.s. presidents who have appeared at the city club? Dialogue History: I stumbled upon an organization called the city club of cleveland. its mission and some of its significance?
The city club of cleveland is a non-partisan debate forum in cleveland, ohio, founded in 1912. Its mission is to "create conversations of consequence that help democracy thrive." the club is open to anyone, and all programs are accessible by the general public. However, members benefit from discounted attendance at most forums and priority on certain event reservations.

The city club is known as "america's citadel of free speech" and is one of the oldest continuous independent free speech forums in the united states. Over the years, it has hosted numerous notable figures, including u.s. Presidents, vice presidents, politicians, and activists. Archbishop desmond tutu once referred to the club as "a beacon, a symbol and a sentinel for freedom, for justice, for tolerance."

Significant historical moments have taken place at the city club, such as senator robert f. Kennedy's speech on the day after martin luther king, jr.'s assassination in 1968. The club's influence extends to ohio elections, where debates before the club have swayed outcomes. Being one of the major platforms for political discourse, the city club of cleveland plays a pivotal role in promoting constructive dialogue on important topics in american society.
keywords: City Club Cleveland sitting U.S. presidents appearances examples

query:    George D.Spindler与文化教育人类学的成长——兼述弱势群体或少数民族在学业上遭遇的不公
keywords: George D.Spindler 文化教育人类学 成长 弱势群体 少数民族 学业不公

query:    家庭纠纷起诉要多少钱
keywords: 家庭纠纷 起诉 费用

query:    How can I claim tax back from whilst I was working in Austria?
keywords: claim tax back working Austria

query:    what is mild ischemia
keywords: mild ischemia definition

query:    dining room table set
keywords: dining room table set

query:    What is the purpose of the documentary movie series presented by the two Lane instructors?
keywords: Lane instructors documentary movie series purpose

query:    Create a computer program that takes a string as an input and builds a dictionary of words and their respective frequencies. The program should also ignore any punctuation marks and convert all words to lowercase before counting their frequencies. Additionally, the program should remove any stop words from the input string before counting the frequencies.

For example, given the string "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.", and the stop words ["the", "over"], the program should output the following dictionary:
{
  "quick": 1,
  "brown": 1,
  "fox": 1,
  "jumps": 1,
  "lazy": 1,
  "dog": 1
}

To solve this problem, you should follow these steps:
1. Initialize an empty dictionary to store the word frequencies.
2. Remove any punctuation marks from the input string.
3. Convert all words to lowercase.
4. Remove any stop words from the list of words.
5. Split the string into a list of words.
6. Iterate over each word in the list.
7. If the word is already in the dictionary, increase its frequency by 1. Otherwise, add the word to the dictionary with a frequency of 1.
8. Print or return the final dictionary.
keywords: Python 词频统计 程序 字符串 字典 单词频率 去除标点 小写转换 停用词过滤

query:    Do systematic review of complications and outcomes of diabetic patients with burn trauma?
keywords: systematic review complications outcomes diabetic patients burn trauma

query:    What are some of the key aspects of successful delegation in a growing business according to Cerius Executives' founding partners Pam and Kristen?
keywords: Cerius Executives Pam Kristen delegation successful key aspects growing business

query:    指甲饰品选购指南
keywords: 指甲饰品 选购 指南

query:    Question: 韩国红的主要工作分工是什么？ Dialogue History: 请告诉我韩国红的职业生涯和最近所担任的职务。
韩国红女士自1992年参加工作以来，先后在兴山县农业局、兴山县农委、兴山县科技局、兴山县南阳镇党委及政府、兴山县政府、兴山县委常委、宣传部、总工会等部门和单位任职。最近的职务是宜昌市水利和湖泊局党组成员和副局长。在这个岗位上，她负责节约用水、河湖生态水量管理等方面的工作，分管水资源科、移民科、离退休干部科等部门。
keywords: 韩国红 工作分工 职务 职责

query:    how to cancel verizon service
keywords: cancel verizon service

query:    where is the next world cup being held in 2022
keywords: 2022 World Cup location

query:    where is kelkit river located
keywords: Kelkit River location

query:    who was the president of depaul
keywords: DePaul president

query:    如何利用深度学习进行自然语言处理
keywords: 深度学习 自然语言处理 应用 方法

query:    因是未婚，现在意外怀孕的，只能选择人流，是这个月月经迟了半个月没来而自己去习早孕试纸测出来的，准备选择无痛人流，听说术前要做检查，我想了解一下，都要检查哪些项目呢？
keywords: 无痛人流 术前检查 项目 早孕试纸 月经推迟 未婚 意外怀孕

query:    대수학의 기본 정리는 무엇인가요?
keywords: 대수학 기본 정리

query:    what is the process of drawing conclusions based on evidence called
keywords: drawing conclusions evidence process called

query:    Are synovial adhesions more important than pannus proliferation in the pathogenesis of knee joint contracture after immobilization : an experimental investigation in the rat?
keywords: synovial adhesions pannus proliferation pathogenesis knee joint contracture immobilization rat experimental investigation

query:    In which large gland of the human body where are the Islets of Langerhans?
keywords: Islets of Langerhans location human body gland

query:    一岁半正常大便次数
keywords: 一岁半 大便次数 正常

query:    when was u2 formed
keywords: U2 formed 成立时间

query:    tiny cars for boys
keywords: tiny cars boys

query:    في أي عام احتلت ألمانيا النازية الدنمارك؟
keywords: ألمانيا النازية احتلال الدنمارك عام

query:    jaybird x3 replacement ear tips
keywords: jaybird x3 耳塞 替换

query:    what is the furious seven 300
keywords: Furious Seven 300

query:    CSS/USS アトランタは現存する？
keywords: CSS USS アトランタ 現存

query:    what replaced the twin towers in new york
keywords: World Trade Center replacement One WTC Freedom Tower

query:    I admit sometimes I take things to heart and to personal. I ask God to help me with this on a daily basis.\n\nBut my husband and I were overlooked by people we thought we our friends these are people we fellowship with in church.\n\nThere was a death in our family recently on my husband side and I was a little bit hurt along with my spouse because very few people acknoweleged the loss. Some people were supportive but no body even sent our family a sympathy card and the others in church did not even call us to see how we were, it is almost like no one cared.\n\nMy pastor sent us a letter stating how sorry he was for not sending a card, the pastors wife feels we should go before the chruch b/c we were offended.\n\nThe thing that hurt us is that we do a lot for the members of our church, we treat our church family better than thier own family memebers do, we contantly give and serve and are loving and patient and help transport people, yet no one can agknowlege our loss, that hurt us alot
keywords: church friends overlooked death family loss sympathy card pastor offended hurt feelings

query:    where did the video game term "boss" (referring to enemies much more difficult than average) come from and why is it still so prevalent?
keywords: video game boss term origin etymology prevalence

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 颜色：绿色 | 衣样式：衬衫 | 衣款式：口袋
keywords: 上衣 绿色 衬衫 口袋 商品描述

query:    Create a code to check whether two strings are nearly identical. However, you should now consider that the order of characters in the strings is not important. 

String A: "bte"
String B: "tree"

#Erroneous Code#
```
def check_nearly_identical(str1, str2):
    if len(str1) != len(str2):
        return False
    else:
        sorted_str1 = sorted(str1)
        sorted_str2 = sorted(str2)
        return sorted_str1 == sorted_str2
```

#Updated Test#
Create a code to check whether two strings are nearly identical. However, you should now consider that the order of characters in the strings is not important. 

String A: "bte"
String B: "tree"

Please provide an optimized solution for this problem with a time complexity of O(n).
keywords: 字符串 近似相同 字符顺序无关 时间复杂度 O(n) 优化算法

query:    where will the 2018 world cup final be played
keywords: 2018 World Cup final venue location

query:    im gonna buy another notebook/laptop and i wanna know all the brands out there.....
keywords: laptop brands notebook brands buy

query:    Question: 请问瑞光创意工厂位于哪个城市？ Dialogue History:
keywords: 瑞光创意工厂 所在城市

query:    Why do computers still feel so slow despite hardware becoming so much faster over the past few decades?

For example, Word 2014 takes 200 MB of RAM to do the same thing Word 2003 did with 10 MB of RAM.
keywords: computers slow despite hardware faster decades Word RAM usage increase

query:    what is market close time
keywords: market close time

query:    How much was a union going to be worth as proposed in the 1900s?
keywords: union value proposed 1900s

query:    who was nenad petrovi
keywords: Nenad Petrovi biography

query:    I have this weird thing with me, whenever I attempt to read a novel, it just seems impossible. I read at a SUPER slow pace, and also, sometimes I read it as if a few of the words get switched out of order. In addition, for some reason I cannot concentrate on the reading. Something always pops up in my head, like some tune. Any one know why this may happen? I read about 15 pages per hour due to these abnormal symptoms.
keywords: reading difficulty slow pace words jumbled concentration problems distraction causes

query:    valextra是什么价位
keywords: valextra 价格 价位

query:    Given a doubly linked list, swap adjacent nodes in pairs. For any remaining unpaired node located at the end if the list length is odd, move it to the start of the list. Return the modified list.

The doubly linked list has nodes with non-negative integer values, and you should consider it circular.

Input: 1<->2<->3<->4<->5<->NULL
keywords: doubly linked list swap adjacent nodes pairs unpaired node end move start circular non-negative integer values

query:    汤淼妻子是谁
keywords: 汤淼 妻子

query:    What are the two medications included in the combination drug Coartem?
keywords: Coartem combination drug medications components

query:    Qu'est-ce que l'Amazonite ?
keywords: Amazonite 定义 性质

query:    突然血压下降，由原因的132、76降到104、65。有胸闷心慌感觉，是不是心脏有病了
keywords: 血压下降 132/76 104/65 胸闷 心慌 心脏病 原因

query:    اجزای اصلی مدارهای الکتریکی کدامند؟
keywords: اجزای اصلی مدارهای الکتریکی

query:    Which restaurant in Bray, Berkshire, was at the centre of a novovirus scare in 2009?
keywords: Bray Berkshire restaurant norovirus scare 2009

query:    磨砂面皮鞋怎么清洗
keywords: 磨砂面皮鞋 清洗 方法

query:    what is dusseldorf's schauspielhaus
keywords: Dusseldorf Schauspielhaus

query:    من هى نوع الصخور الموجودة على هضبة الجولان ؟
keywords: هضبة الجولان  نوع الصخور  صخور

query:    how to download pictures on huawei?
keywords: download pictures Huawei

query:    Question: 民国背景年代戏有哪些值得一看的著名作品？ Dialogue History: 年代戏可以分哪几种主要类型？
年代戏主要可以分为两个主题：豪门恩怨型和乱世英雄型。
豪门恩怨型的年代戏以民国时期的豪门家族为背景，讲述了家族间的恩怨、情仇和复杂的社会关系。这类剧作关注人物的情感纠葛以及家族的荣光兴衰。
乱世英雄型的年代戏则注重讲述不同阶层、身份的英雄人物在动荡时期如何面对命运的变迁，以及他们怎样应对社会的混乱和崛起。这类剧行走在风云朝气的江湖世界，有浓厚的历史感和时代背景。
我对年代戏不是很了解，请简单介绍一下这一类电视剧的特点和背景。
年代戏是一种以民国时期为背景的电视剧，区别于古装戏和现代戏。民国是一个动荡的时代，这种剧作通常讲述了那个时代的人们如何面对波折坎坷的人生。年代戏无论是在思想观念还是服饰道具上，都会符合民国时期的特点。这一类型的电视剧为导演和观众带来了更多的想象空间。经典的年代戏如《京华烟云》、《金粉世家》等都具有很高的文化价值和观赏性。
keywords: 民国 年代戏 著名作品 推荐

query:    I would like to work part-time in youthwork or as a social worker.\nI would like to work for a company that would give me the work experience as well as training.
keywords: part-time youthwork social worker company work experience training

query:    throgs 颈桥的收费是多少
keywords: Throgs Neck Bridge tolls fees

query:    一立方米的柴油等于多少公斤
keywords: 柴油 立方米 公斤 换算

query:    What that kind of disease? I tell what same like the skin change the colour become white in whole body.
keywords: skin color change white whole body disease

query:    what year did good vibrations come out
keywords: good vibrations release year

query:    Question: When did the british high-tech movement lose popularity, and why? Dialogue History: Archigram and their contributions?
Archigram was a loosely arranged group of architects, which played a significant role in the development of british high-tech architecture. Some of its notable members include peter cook, mike webb, and ron herron. They were all part of the architectural association and contributed groundbreaking concepts that shaped the architectural landscape.

Peter cook was responsible for projects like plug-in city and instant city. These designs introduced a flexible, modular approach to urban planning, with buildings and infrastructure that could be easily replaced or rearranged. Mike webb's sin centre was a vision for a pleasure dome intended to challenge conventional ideas about architecture and its relationship with society. Meanwhile, ron herron's walking city proposed a city made up of large, mobile structures that would move around to adapt to changing needs and conditions.

These ideas from archigram significantly influenced british high-tech architecture by promoting innovative approaches to design, challenging traditional notions of urban planning, and introducing technology-inspired solutions in building design.
What is british high-tech architecture and how did it start?
British high-tech architecture is a type of late modern architecture that emerged in the 1970s. It involves using elements of high tech industry and technology in building design. The style grew from modernism and was influenced by new advances in technology and building materials.

It began with a group of london-based architects, known as british high-tech architects, who followed the teachings of the architectural association's futuristic programs. They created a unique style characterized by cultural and design ideals such as component-based, lightweight, easily transportable, and factory-finished buildings using standardized, interchangeable, highly-engineered parts.

The architectural association nurtured several influential groups, like archigram, which included visionaries like peter cook, mike webb, and ron herron. Their ideas, along with those from the independent group and cedric price, all contributed to the development of british high-tech architecture. The origin of this style can also be traced back to the light-weight, mass-produced, component-based dry construction methods of sir joseph paxton in the 19th century.
keywords: British high-tech movement lose popularity when why

query:    What does Link obtain that gives him control over his transformations?
keywords: Link transformation control obtain item

query:    You are tasked with creating a PHP script that reads environment variables from a `.env` file using the `vlucas/phpdotenv` library and establishes a database connection using the configuration details from the `.env` file.

Your task is to complete the PHP script by implementing the following steps:
1. Load the environment variables from the `.env` file using the `vlucas/phpdotenv` library.
2. Use the loaded environment variables to establish a connection to the database by including and utilizing the `App/database/config.php` file.

Your solution should demonstrate the ability to properly load environment variables and use them to establish a database connection.
keywords: PHP vlucas/phpdotenv .env 环境变量 数据库连接 config.php

query:    肺结核病人可以吃马蹄吗？
keywords: 肺结核 病人 马蹄 食用

query:    黑五奢侈品打折吗
keywords: 黑五 奢侈品 打折

query:    同房后20天了，用测试纸是阴性可以排除怀孕了吗？
keywords: 同房20天 测试纸 阴性 排除怀孕

query:    新版把什麼作為影片的主要核心？
keywords: 新版 影片 主要核心

query:    这几天我发现自己的上嘴唇长了些小水泡，并且没几天就会烂掉，还有些出脓的迹象，家人怀疑得了浆细胞性唇炎，就自己去药店买了药回来吃，刚开始好了些，但是没几天就又开始长了，平时也没碰不干净的东西。
keywords: 浆细胞性唇炎 上嘴唇 小水泡 溃烂 出脓 反复发作 用药无效

query:    Who were the original members of XP8?
keywords: XP8 original members

query:    what is new car sales tax for kendall county illinois
keywords: Kendall County Illinois new car sales tax

query:    Whats Spanish explorer and former governor of Florida was featured in the History Channel miniseries Conquest of America/.
keywords: Spanish explorer former governor Florida History Channel miniseries Conquest of America

query:    青少年体育锻炼政策
keywords: 青少年 体育锻炼 政策

query:    如何测试扭矩扳手
keywords: 扭矩扳手 测试 方法

query:    Formulate an SQL query to retrieve the names and respective ratings of movies from a database, where the movies' ratings exceed 8.0 on IMDB.
keywords: SQL query retrieve movie names ratings database IMDB rating >8.0

query:    男人肾虚吃什么补得快
keywords: 肾虚 食补 男性 快速

query:    语义支持的空间信息智能服务关键技术研究
keywords: 语义支持 空间信息 智能服务 关键技术 研究

query:    Is cryptococcosis-IRIS associated with lower cryptococcus-specific IFN-γ responses before antiretroviral therapy but not higher T-cell responses during therapy?
keywords: cryptococcosis IRIS association cryptococcus-specific IFN-γ responses lower antiretroviral therapy T-cell responses higher

query:    what is the use of a floating roof tank
keywords: floating roof tank purpose uses

query:    阿尔及利亚人口
keywords: 阿尔及利亚 人口

query:    Does natural killer cell line YT exert cytotoxicity against CD86+ myeloma cells?
keywords: natural killer cell YT cytotoxicity CD86 myeloma cells

query:    亚瑟走哪路?
keywords: 亚瑟 分路 位置

query:    ما هي البلشفية؟
keywords: البلشفية تعريف

query:    lymphatic capillary that absorbs dietary lipids in the intestine villi is called
keywords: lymphatic capillary dietary lipids absorption intestine villi

query:    胃癌伴卵巢转移今年2月查出胃癌伴卵巢转移，已做7次化疗，腹水产生太快做过7次化疗了，控制的不太好，现在腹水产生太快，还有心包积液，请问腹水有什么办法控制住么
keywords: 胃癌 卵巢转移 化疗 腹水 控制 心包积液 治疗方法

query:    what is cihe
keywords: cihe definition meaning

query:    分析汽车在不同速度下的燃油消耗率
keywords: 汽车 燃油消耗率 速度 分析

query:    弾道ミサイルとはなんですか？
keywords: 弾道ミサイル 定義 意味

query:    Question: 郑州惠济万达广场的开业时间是？ Dialogue History: 请介绍一下郑州中原万达广场的主要业态和主力店。
郑州中原万达广场拥有丰富的业态，主要包括大型购物中心、soho、住宅以及精品商业街等。其中，主力店包括万千百货、万达影城、大歌星ktv、大玩家电玩和超市等。这些主力店为顾客提供了丰富多样的购物、休闲、娱乐以及生活服务设施。
郑州中原万达广场的总建筑面积是多少？
郑州中原万达广场的总建筑面积约为42.2万平方米。这个大型城市综合体项目包括大型商业中心、休闲娱乐中心、高级写字楼、精品公寓以及商业步行街等多种业态。
郑州中原万达广场的地理位置在哪里？
郑州中原万达广场位于河南省郑州市中原区，市中心主干道中原路中部南侧，西临华山路，东临秦岭路。其周边是繁华的商业与商务环境。
请问郑州市共有几座万达广场？
郑州市共有三座万达广场。分别是郑州中原万达广场，于2011年10月28日开业；郑州二七万达广场，于2012年10月开业；以及郑州惠济万达广场，于2016年11月20日开业。这些广场都是由大连万达集团全资子公司郑州万达广场投资有限公司投资建设的，旨在打造多个大型城市综合体项目。
keywords: 郑州惠济万达广场 开业时间

query:    请解释一下三角形的密铺规则
keywords: 三角形 密铺 规则

query:    Question: Thanks for the explanation. considering cabinda's economy, i know they are known for their oil reserves. can you provide more insights into their oil production and other economic activities in the province? Dialogue History: Cabinda seems to be an interesting region with a complex history. how did it become a part of angola and what is the current political situation there?
Cabinda's integration into angola is indeed a complex story. In 1885, the treaty of simulambuco established cabinda as a protectorate of the portuguese empire, which is the basis for cabindan independence movements that consider angola's occupation illegal. After the establishment of angola's borders in the mid-1920s, cabinda began to be treated as part of this colony. However, its legal status remained somewhat distinct, as shown in the portuguese constitutions of 1933 and 1971.

When angola gained independence from portugal in 1975, cabinda was declared a part of angola under the treaty of alvor. However, this was rejected by the front for the liberation of the enclave of cabinda (flec) and other local organizations that advocated for separate independence. Since then, there has been ongoing political protest against cabinda's status as an angolan province, and some factions have proclaimed an independent republic of cabinda, with offices in paris.

The struggle for cabindan independence has not entirely ceased, even though the angolan civil war largely ended in 2002. Armed conflict still persists in the cabinda exclave, and the situation remains tense.
keywords: Cabinda 经济 石油生产 石油储量 经济活动

query:    Does alcohol produce imbalance of adrenal and neuronal sympathetic activity in patients with alcohol-induced neurocardiogenic syncope?
keywords: alcohol adrenal neuronal sympathetic activity imbalance alcohol-induced neurocardiogenic syncope patients

query:    John Wayne Airport is in which US state?
keywords: John Wayne Airport location US state

query:    what is the difference between electrical ground and neutral?
keywords: electrical ground neutral difference

query:    how many wives hugh hef had
keywords: Hugh Hefner wives number

query:    肛门息肉应吃哪些食物
keywords: 肛门息肉 饮食 食物推荐

query:    七个月宝宝喂养时间表
keywords: 七个月宝宝 喂养 时间表

query:    where is cranmore ireland
keywords: Cranmore Ireland location

query:    led name badge
keywords: led name badge

query:    concacaf presidents
keywords: concacaf presidents

query:    水貂多少钱一只
keywords: 水貂 价格 多少钱 一只

query:    what the actual differance is between blood groups

EDIT: noticed the speeling mistake, I'm using IE6 (at work) so the text box was about 1cm thick and couldn't read what I had writen! (difference)
keywords: blood groups difference types

query:    Petunjuk penggunaan dan pemecahan masalah untuk sistem manajemen kualitas produk
keywords: sistem manajemen kualitas produk petunjuk penggunaan pemecahan masalah

query:    Mitä N-luokan hävittäjä tarkoittaa?
keywords: N-luokan hävittäjä merkitys

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 版型：宽松 | 风格：街头 | 风格：休闲 | 风格：潮 | 图案：字母 | 图案：文字 | 图案：印花 | 衣样式：卫衣 | 衣长：短款 | 衣款式：口袋 | 衣款式：连帽
keywords: 卫衣 短款 连帽 口袋 宽松 街头 休闲 潮 字母 文字 印花

query:    While many Nobel Prizes celebrate groundbreaking scientific discoveries or literary masterpieces, some awards have gone to seemingly unconventional choices. Who are some of the most surprising Nobel Prize winners, and what unique contributions did they make?
keywords: Nobel Prize winners surprising unconventional contributions

query:    大卫王是什么血统
keywords: 大卫王 血统

query:    Convert the given list of dictionaries to a tuple of tuples, where each inner tuple contains the name and age of a person. Each person's name must be capitalized and the age must be a positive integer. If a person's name or age is missing or invalid, skip that dictionary.

However, now you also need to sort the resulting tuple of tuples in descending order based on the person's age. In addition, you are not allowed to use any built-in sorting functions or methods. You must implement the sorting algorithm yourself.

Time complexity: O(n^2), where n is the number of dictionaries in the input list.

Space complexity: O(n), where n is the number of valid dictionaries in the input list.
keywords: list dictionaries convert tuple tuples inner tuple name age person capitalize name positive integer missing invalid skip dictionary sort descending order age no built-in sorting functions implement sorting algorithm time complexity O(n^2) space complexity O(n)

query:    &lt;p&gt;
Imagine a three-dimensional lattice composed of points $(a,b,c)$ where $0 \le a,b,c \le N$.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
From the origin point $O(0,0,0)$, lines are drawn to each of these lattice points, creating a complex web of connections.&lt;br&gt;
Let's denote $D(N)$ as the quantity of &lt;i&gt;unique&lt;/i&gt; lines generated in this process.
&lt;/p&gt;
&lt;p&gt;
It is provided that $D(1\,000\,000) = 831909254469114121$.
&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;
Your task is to calculate $D(10^{10})$. However, due to the potentially large number, only provide the first nine digits and the last nine digits of your answer.
&lt;/p&gt;
keywords: 三维晶格 点 (a,b,c) 0≤a,b,c≤N 原点 O(0,0,0) 连线 唯一 直线 数量 D(N) D(1000000)=831909254469114121 计算 D(10^10) 前九位 后九位

query:    من هو أب بشار الأسد؟
keywords: بشار الأسد أب

query:    文科理科哪个好考
keywords: 文科 理科 哪个好考

query:    头晕医生说眩晕症吃了有半个月药头没有眩转症张但是还有头晕现象做过ct.DR
keywords: 眩晕症 头晕 服药 半个月 CT DR 未缓解

query:    クモ膜下腔は人体でどこに存在する？
keywords: クモ膜下腔 人体 位置

query:    我自从哺乳以后，乳房开始下垂，我就想去丰胸，但是自己不知道怎么办，我怕出去上那些医院什么的不好，还有就是好像有很多都是效果不好的。请问哺乳后怎么丰胸。
keywords: 哺乳后 丰胸 方法 乳房下垂 效果 医院

query:    متى تم اصدار اول دستور عراقي ؟
keywords: أول دستور عراقي تاريخ إصدار

query:    你应该在什么温度下烤杏仁
keywords: 烤杏仁 温度 合适

query:    are bats dangerous for cats?
keywords: bats dangerous cats

query:    双眼皮术后一个月眼睛不对称能恢复好吗？
keywords: 双眼皮术后 一个月 眼睛不对称 恢复

query:    is digoxin the same as digitek
keywords: digoxin Digitek 相同 区别

query:    小孩接种了乙肝免疫球蛋白，医生让相隔3个月再接种糖丸，如果推后3个月接种糖丸，会不会晚，糖丸可以推迟多久接种？我希望医生告诉我现在该怎么办？
keywords: 乙肝免疫球蛋白 糖丸 接种间隔 推迟接种 影响 建议

query:    Je suis intéressé par les énergies renouvelables et je souhaite comprendre comment investir de manière responsable et rentable dans ce secteur, en particulier pour les débutants.
keywords: énergies renouvelables investir responsable rentable débutants

query:    Inis dom faoi László Biró?
keywords: László Biró biography

query:    ice coffee no calories
keywords: ice coffee no calories

query:    Minkä maalainen yhtiö Hasbro on?
keywords: Hasbro maalainen yhtiö

query:    You are working on a project involving wavefront propagation and manipulation in an optical system. Your task is to implement a forward and backward wavefront propagation algorithm to simulate the behavior of light passing through various optical elements.

Given the code snippet provided, you need to write a Python function to perform forward and backward wavefront propagation using the provided `fp.ptp` function. The function takes into account the propagation distances, wavefronts, and optical elements such as deformable mirrors (DM) and mirrors.

The function should take the following inputs:
- `dEbox`: The input electric field wavefront to be propagated.
- `Edm1pad`: The electric field wavefront of the first deformable mirror (DM1).
- `Edm2WFEpad`: The electric field wavefront of the second deformable mirror (DM2) with wavefront error.
- `DM2stop`: The stop function of DM2.
- `DM2surf`: The surface profile of DM2.
- `NboxPad1AS`: The size of the box for propagation.
- `wvl`: The wavelength of the light.
- `mirrorFac`: A mirror factor for mirror reflection.
- `mp.P2.compact.dx`: The pixel size of the compact model of the optical system.
- `mp.d_dm1_dm2`: The distance between DM1 and DM2.
- `mp.d_P2_dm1`: The distance between the pupil plane P2 and DM1.
- `mp.dm1.dm_spacing`: The spacing of actuators on DM1.
- `mp.propMethodPTP`: The propagation method used in the `fp.ptp` function.

Your task is to implement the `wavefront_propagation` function that performs the forward and backward wavefront propagation as described in the code snippet. The function should return the propagated electric field wavefronts `dEbox` and `dEP2box`.
keywords: wavefront propagation algorithm forward backward optical system Python function implementation fp.ptp electric field deformable mirror DM1 DM2 wavefront error propagation distance wavelength mirror factor pixel size compact model actuator spacing propagation method

query:    现在随着生活节奏的加快，许多人在考虑租赁房屋时都会考虑房屋是否配备了健身房，因为这样可以更加方便地进行健身。拥有健身房不仅可以节省去外面上健身课的时间和费用，同时还能在家中随时进行锻炼。此外，健身房还能作为一个社交场所，帮助租户结识新朋友，增加生活乐趣。如果你正在寻找带有健身房的房屋租赁信息，那么在选择时需要注意以下几点：第一，确保健身房的空间足够大，设备齐全；第二，了解健身房的使用时间是否与你的作息时间相匹配；第三，注意健身房的清洁卫生情况，以确保健康安全。最后，租户还应该考虑到健身房的位置，如果健身房位于公寓内部，那么使用起来会更加方便。
keywords: 房屋租赁 健身房 配备 设备齐全 使用时间 清洁卫生 位置 公寓内部

query:    the task manger is disabled and cant get into manage my computer..because it say task manager has been disabled by your administrator...hmmmm :(
keywords: task manager disabled administrator manage computer

query:    孕妇可以吃燕窝吗
keywords: 孕妇 燕窝 食用 安全

query:    太平超e保2019医疗保险怎么样
keywords: 太平超e保2019 医疗保险 评测 怎么样

query:    The Muscogee language was spoken by which native people of Florida?
keywords: Muscogee language spoken native people Florida

query:    You are tasked with implementing a Python class that manages a menu system for a restaurant. The class should handle customer requests, maintain a log of orders, and track the presence of staff members.

You need to create a class called `Menu` with the following attributes and methods:

Attributes:
- `Requests`: A list to store customer requests.
- `log`: A dictionary to store the log of orders with the order number as the key and the order details as the value.
- `presences`: A set to store the presence of staff members.

Methods:
- `add_request(request)`: A method that takes a customer request as input and adds it to the `Requests` list.
- `add_to_log(order_number, order_details)`: A method that takes an order number and its details as input and adds it to the `log` dictionary.
- `add_presence(staff_member)`: A method that takes a staff member's name as input and adds it to the `presences` set.
- `remove_presence(staff_member)`: A method that takes a staff member's name as input and removes it from the `presences` set.

Your task is to implement the `Menu` class with the specified attributes and methods, ensuring that each method performs its designated functionality accurately.
keywords: Python Menu class implementation restaurant menu system customer requests order log staff presence attributes methods add_request add_to_log add_presence remove_presence

query:    ਕਿਰਪਾ ਕਰਕੇ ਇਸ ਬਾਰੇ ਵਿਸਥਾਰ ਵਿੱਚ ਦੱਸੋ ਕਿ ਹੇਠਾਂ ਦਿੱਤੇ ਦਾ ਕੀ ਅਰਥ ਹੈ।
"ਅਸਟਪਦੀ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੈ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਆਰਜਾ ਘਟੈ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੈ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਜਮ ਤੇ ਨਹੀ ਛੁਟੈ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੈ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਸੁਖੁ ਸਭੁ ਜਾਇ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੈ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਨਰਕ ਮਹਿ ਪਾਇ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੈ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਮਤਿ ਹੋਇ ਮਲੀਨ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੈ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਸੋਭਾ ਤੇ ਹੀਨ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੇ ਹਤੇ ਕਉ ਰਖੈ ਨ ਕੋਇ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕੈ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਥਾਨ ਭ੍ਰਸਟੁ ਹੋਇ ॥ਸੰਤ ਕ੍ਰਿਪਾਲ ਕ੍ਰਿਪਾ ਜੇ ਕਰੈ ॥ਨਾਨਕ ਸੰਤਸੰਗਿ ਨਿੰਦਕੁ ਭੀ ਤਰੈ ॥੧॥"
keywords: ਅਸਟਪਦੀ ਸੰਤ ਦੂਖਨਿ ਅਰਥ ਵਿਸਥਾਰ ਵਿਆਖਿਆ

query:    刚来大姨妈喝了咖啡怎么办
keywords: 大姨妈 经期 喝咖啡 影响 应对方法

query:    how do you know that someone blocked your number?
keywords: blocked number detect signs

query:    The game of craps
keywords: craps game rules

query:    中央氣象局在英文版本臺風發布上卻未有使用而直接採用了什麼？
keywords: 中央氣象局 英文 颱風 發布 採用 名稱

query:    16 is awkward.  You're still a child, and you still do what mom and dad tell you to do.  Why do they act like turning 16 is meaningful?  The funnest year of my life was probably 22, and now at 26 I'm probably happier than I've ever been.  What's the deal with the 16?
keywords: 16岁 意义 父母 控制 22岁 快乐 26岁 幸福 对比

query:    how long does a bruised tailbone to feel better
keywords: bruised tailbone recovery time healing duration

query:    东方航空孕妇乘坐飞机申请表
keywords: 东方航空 孕妇 乘机 申请表

query:    Културни празници
keywords: Културни празници

query:    how do you make butter slime without borax?
keywords: butter slime without borax recipe

query:    where is malin from
keywords: malin origin birthplace

query:    متى تم التوقيع على معاهدة پورتسموث ؟
keywords: معاهدة پورتسموث توقيع تاريخ

query:    what are the winged hussars
keywords: winged hussars

query:    Which saint was born at Lourdes ?
keywords: Lourdes saint born

query:    toenail removed how long to heal
keywords: toenail removed healing time

query:    Teen rebellion
keywords: teen rebellion causes effects

query:    大数据
keywords: 大数据

query:    head bands for kids girls
keywords: headbands kids girls

query:    Why are there only two parties in America?
keywords: America two-party system reasons

query:    Devise a responsive web page utilizing a prescribed theme, but with added dynamism. The theme is: Fuchsia and lavender hues in a tri-column arrangement. The added requirement is that the layout should be grid-based and needs to have animations involving color transitions.
keywords: 响应式网页 Fuchsia lavender 三栏布局 网格布局 颜色过渡动画

query:    inside out was the name of the band that zack de la rocha of Rage Against The Machine were it launch before RATM was formed then it maybe in the year before their 1st album! before 1992! or maybe you could show where i can download them for free thank you and god bless!
keywords: Zack de la Rocha Inside Out band Rage Against The Machine before RATM formed first album 1992 download free

query:    サンサンスポンジ
keywords: サンサンスポンジ

query:    who played captain nemo in 20 000 leagues under the sea
keywords: Captain Nemo actor 20000 Leagues Under the Sea

query:    hotels in vacaville, ca
keywords: hotels Vacaville California

query:    Does supplemental bio-tenodesis improve tibialis anterior allograft yield load in extremely low density tibiae?
keywords: supplemental bio-tenodesis tibialis anterior allograft yield load low density tibiae

query:    متى عاش الكنعان ؟
keywords: الكنعان تاريخ عاش

query:    apakah jenis semut terbesar ?
keywords: semut terbesar jenis

query:    A lot of people have an opinion about Bush and the war in Iraq.  If you are anti-Bush and/or anti-war in Iraq, would you leave America and move to Iraq if we had not intervened?
keywords: anti-Bush anti-war Iraq intervention leave America move

query:    Mikä Netscape oli?
keywords: Netscape selitys

query:    伟大征程文艺晚会什么时候播出
keywords: 伟大征程 文艺晚会 播出时间

query:    Time stopped when Elisha Cuthbert was bitten by a mountain lion during the filming of this Fox show
keywords: Elisha Cuthbert mountain lion bite filming Fox show

query:    What are the two ways to reduce the theoretical expectation to the semileptonic branching fraction puzzle?
keywords: semileptonic branching fraction puzzle reduce theoretical expectation two ways

query:    消炎吃什么好
keywords: 消炎 食物 推荐

query:    slurry seal definition
keywords: slurry seal definition

query:    Provide a piece of erroneous code and devise a debugger to fix the error in the following code. The code is intended to implement a do-while loop structure in a programming language to exhibit the initial sextet of prime numerals. Here is the errant code:

```python
i = 2
count = 0
while count < 6:
    j = 2
    while j * j <= i:
        if i % j:
            i += 1
        j += 1
        print(i)
        i += 1
    count += 1
```
In this faulty code, the loop runs beyond the specified count of 6, and doesn't correctly identify prime numbers. Use the knowledge of Python—the logic, debugging tools, and exception handling—to fix this code to correctly implement the given requirement.
keywords: erroneous code debugger fix do-while loop Python prime numbers debugging tools exception handling

query:    怀孕了是双胎，两个孕囊，一个胎盘，算是同卵还是异卵
keywords: 双胎 孕囊 胎盘 同卵 异卵 判断

query:    Does inactivation of the transcription factor Elf3 in mice result in dysmorphogenesis and altered differentiation of intestinal epithelium?
keywords: Elf3 inactivation mice intestinal epithelium dysmorphogenesis differentiation altered

query:    सोनिया गांधी की किस देश की पैदाइश है?
keywords: सोनिया गांधी जन्म स्थान देश

query:    为什么学校禁止俚语
keywords: 学校 禁止 俚语 原因

query:    You are tasked with creating a form validation function for a web application. The function should validate the input fields based on the given HTML structure and return an object containing any validation errors.

The HTML structure for the form is as follows:
```html
<div class="form-body">
    <div class="row">
        <div class="col-md-offset-2 col-md-6">
            <div class="form-group">
                {{ Form::label('name', 'Name: ', ['class' => 'control-label']) }} <span class="star">*</span>
                {{ Form::text('name', null, ['id' => 'name', 'class' => 'form-control', 'maxlength' => '100']) }}
                <label class="help-block error"></label>
            </div>
            <!-- Other form fields may follow -->
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
```

You need to implement a function `validateForm()` that takes the form element as a parameter and performs the following validations:
1. Check if the "Name" field is empty. If so, add an error message to the label with class "help-block error" and set its text to "Name is required".
2. Check if the "Name" field contains only alphabets and spaces. If not, add an error message to the label with class "help-block error" and set its text to "Name should contain only alphabets and spaces".

The function should return an object containing the validation errors, where the keys are the field names and the values are the error messages. If there are no errors, the function should return an empty object.

You can assume that the form fields are accessed using standard DOM methods.
keywords: form validation function web application HTML structure validateForm DOM methods Name field empty alphabets spaces error messages

query:    Каковы основные свойства и химическая формула муравьиной кислоты?
keywords: муравьиная кислота химическая формула свойства

query:    电脑读取不了专辑歌曲标题
keywords: 电脑 读取 专辑 歌曲 标题 无法

query:    what foods help with lipid peroxidation?
keywords: foods reduce lipid peroxidation

query:    新生儿黄疸多久才完全消退
keywords: 新生儿黄疸 消退时间 完全消退

query:    Does cell salvage alter the systemic inflammatory response after off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting surgery?
keywords: cell salvage systemic inflammatory response off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting surgery

query:    GAYEST....not funniest...mine has to be If I Die Tomorrow....i like the song but think the video is a little weiiirrdd....
keywords: GAYEST not funniest If I Die Tomorrow song video weird

query:    我15岁的时候得了关节积水，那时有过治疗，基本已经控制，这几年也没有在出现积水的现象，但还是经常感觉膝盖里面很不适，说不出的感觉，一到刮风下雨还是有点痛。
keywords: 关节积水 膝盖不适 刮风下雨疼痛 后遗症 治疗史

query:    who is scott bruun
keywords: Scott Bruun

query:    Locate the penultimate minimum value within a 3-dimensional array of discrete integers of a distinct length 'n' and width 'm', and height 'o'. The values can be both positive and negative. Also, to enhance the complexity, you should make it so that whenever you encounter a 0 in the array, you should return the sum of all values encountered until that point.

For instance, if we have the following 3-dimensional array:
array = [[[4, 5, 0], [2, 9, 13]], [[-1, 11, 0], [14, 15, 17]], [[3, 12, -5], [-7, 18, 0]]];

The function should return the second smallest number (-1) after adding all numbers until a '0' is encountered in each height, such that at each '0' we have: 4+5 in the first height, -1+11 in the second height, and 3+12+(-5)+(-7) in the third height.
keywords: 3维数组 倒数第二小值 离散整数 正负值 遇零求和 算法复杂度

query:    What's the name of Microsoft's exclusive PlayStation Network subscription service?
keywords: Microsoft PlayStation Network subscription service exclusive name

query:    tom mcgrath net worth
keywords: Tom McGrath net worth

query:    1974-1977:Aldrich
keywords: Aldrich 1974 1977

query:    In what year was the host of the talk show "Hannity's America" born?
keywords: Hannity's America host birth year

query:    验资报告是什么时候出具的
keywords: 验资报告 出具时间

query:    what is the difference between lesson plan and scheme of work?
keywords: lesson plan scheme of work difference

query:    who is responsible for establishing the glenn gould prize for art
keywords: Glenn Gould Prize establishment responsible

query:    Formulate a SQL statement to extract all records from the 'user' database table who have an 'age' attribute surpassing 30, explicitly focusing on entries situated in the 'age' column.
keywords: SQL extract records user table age >30

query:    m方舟生存进化
keywords: 方舟 生存 进化

query:    would you ever get married????  I wouldn't.
keywords: marriage personal choice reasons against

query:    வினா: 
தமிழ்நாட்டு சிற்பங்கள் கலைநயம் மிக்கனவாகவும், வரலாற்றுப் பதிவுகளாகவும் இருப்பதற்கான தரவுகளைப் பதிவிடுக.
keywords: தமிழ்நாடு சிற்பங்கள் கலைநயம் வரலாற்றுப் பதிவுகள் தரவுகள்

query:    How many people in America identify as liberals?
keywords: America liberals population demographics

query:    ब्रिटिश शासन में पारंपरिक हस्तशिल्प उद्योग नष्ट हो गये। क्या आप इस दृष्टिकोण से सहमत हैं? अपने उत्तर के समर्थन में कारण दीजिये।
keywords: ब्रिटिश शासन पारंपरिक हस्तशिल्प उद्योग नष्ट कारण

query:    咱们结婚吧桃子是谁演的
keywords: 咱们结婚吧 桃子 扮演 演员

query:    In 2005, what anniversary was Oliver music celebrating?
keywords: Oliver music 2005 anniversary

query:    鸭后睾吸虫病研究进展
keywords: 鸭后睾吸虫病 研究进展

query:    who is molly meldrum
keywords: Molly Meldrum biography

query:    为什么57岁女性一个月之内迅速转为痴呆？我母亲一个.
keywords: 57岁 女性 快速 痴呆 原因 一个月

query:    how many bye weeks in nfl?
keywords: NFL bye weeks number

query:    what is a carboxyl
keywords: carboxyl definition

query:    types of dutch elm trees
keywords: Dutch elm tree types varieties

query:    what are ocean currents called
keywords: ocean currents names

query:    what is matrix cable
keywords: matrix cable definition

query:    There is life in Mars, 30 miles from the confluence of the Monongahela & Allegheny Rivers in this state
keywords: Mars life Monongahela Allegheny Rivers confluence 30 miles state

query:    Whose assassination on 28 June 1914 sparked the war?
keywords: 1914 June 28 assassination sparked war

query:    What evidence do lattice calculations of QCD provide regarding nuclear matter?
keywords: QCD lattice calculations nuclear matter evidence

query:    Quelle est l'histoire de Barbe bleu ?
keywords: Barbe bleu histoire

query:    Question: Can you tell me more about the history of Barnyard Dawg, his role in cartoons, and his rivalries with other characters? Dialogue History:
keywords: Barnyard Dawg 历史 卡通角色 敌对关系 角色介绍

query:    狮子座的主星是什么
keywords: 狮子座 主星

query:    who started macau schools association?
keywords: Macau Schools Association 成立 创始人

query:    Как называлась первая столица Импе́рии и́нков?
keywords: первая столица Империи инков название

query:    大学什么时候开学
keywords: 大学 开学时间

query:    why do back closure bras have to be pulled over
keywords: back closure bras pull over 原因

query:    what is a crepis
keywords: Crepis definition

query:    神话永恒何时公测时间
keywords: 神话永恒 公测时间

query:    what does defect leakage mean
keywords: defect leakage meaning

query:    what is pi as a fraction
keywords: pi fraction value

query:    奥美拉唑有什么用
keywords: 奥美拉唑 作用 功效

query:    what 's the average individual income in america
keywords: average individual income America

query:    insulation companies
keywords: insulation companies

query:    Question: Can you tell me more about what Fewkes did at the Smithsonian's Bureau of American Ethnology and his role as its director in 1918? Dialogue History: That's fascinating! can you elaborate on how fewkes managed to document the katsinam, which are the hopi supernatural beings, with the help of the hopi artists? how did their cooperation lead to the creation of the codex hopi, and what makes this document so important? also, did fewkes' work have any impact on contemporary hopi culture in terms of arts, crafts, or rituals?
Fewkes worked closely with hopi artists, who were knowledgeable about the katsina cult and had minimal external influence, to depict the katsinam as accurately as possible. They collaborated to create a series of paintings portraying these supernatural beings according to hopi cultural understanding.

The resulting collection of paintings became known as the codex hopi. This document holds immense significance because it was the first permanent record of the katsinam and their ceremonial appearances. Without the codex hopi, the katsinam might have vanished over time or morphed into unrecognizable forms.

Fewkes' work indeed had an impact on hopi culture in terms of arts, crafts, and rituals. His documentation of mimbres and sikyátki pottery styles led to the revival of these traditional designs. Hopi potter nampeyo, for example, collaborated with fewkes, reproducing his documented designs in her work. This resurgence in ancient art forms and motifs helped preserve and celebrate the rich history of the hopi tribe, contributing to the continuity of their traditional artistic and cultural practices.
I'm interested in learning about jesse walter fewkes and his contributions to anthropology, archaeology, and the preservation of ancient sites in the american southwest. how did he come to be involved in the hemenway southwestern archaeological expedition, and what impact did that have on his work with native american tribes? additionally, i'd like to know about his research on pre-columbian sites in the caribbean region and his role in the smithsonian's bureau of american ethnology.
Jesse walter fewkes was an american anthropologist, archaeologist, writer, and naturalist born in newton, massachusetts. He initially trained as a zoologist at harvard university but later turned his focus towards ethnological studies of native american tribes in the american southwest.

In 1889, fewkes became the leader of the hemenway southwestern archaeological expedition following the resignation of ethnologist frank hamilton cushing. Financed by mary hemenway, the project aimed to document the lifestyles and rituals of the zuni and hopi tribes. This expedition significantly impacted fewkes' work as he started using a phonograph to record indigenous people's music and languages for research. He was the first to employ this technique, initially testing it among the passamaquoddy in maine before using it on the southwest tribes.

His recordings of zuni (in 1890) and hopi (in 1891) music helped benjamin ives gilman discover that these tribes used musical intervals distinct from the western tempered scale. Fewkes also offered historically valuable descriptions of their music and musical practices.

Fewkes conducted surveys and excavations in the american southwest, uncovering information about various ancient cultures. He focused on prehistoric southwest indian pottery, creating illustrated volumes that contributed to the revival of traditional art forms. For example, his work on mimbres and sikyátki pottery styles later influenced artisans, such as hopi potter nampeyo, to reproduce these designs in their work.

Through extensive research on hopi religious rituals, fewkes documented and illustrated the hopi katsinam. He also commissioned hopi artists to create paintings of these supernatural beings, resulting in the first permanent record called codex hopi. This documentation ensured the preservation of the katsinam and their ceremonial performances.

Fewkes was among the first to advocate for government preservation of ancient sites in the american southwest, expressing concerns about rampant vandalism in the mid-1890s. His efforts eventually resulted in the adoption of protective legislation.

As for his research on pre-columbian sites in the caribbean region, fewkes authored the acclaimed text aborigines of porto rico and neighboring islands (1907), which consolidates his findings on the aboriginal cultures of puerto rico, haiti, cuba, trinidad, and the lesser antilles.

Fewkes joined the smithsonian's bureau of american ethnology in 1895 and was appointed its director in 1918. He continued to share and expand his knowledge on native american cultures and ancient sites, significantly contributing to the fields of anthropology and archaeology.
keywords: Fewkes Smithsonian Bureau of American Ethnology director 1918 role

query:    Do anti-arrhythmic medications increase non-cardiac mortality - A meta-analysis of randomized control trials?
keywords: anti-arrhythmic medications non-cardiac mortality meta-analysis randomized control trials

query:    أين يقع قطاع غزة؟
keywords: قطاع غزة موقع

query:    how much did tragus buy ma potters
keywords: tragus buy ma potters price cost

query:    什么是秒差距的度量。
keywords: 秒差距 度量 定义

query:    what is 1810 in sports
keywords: 1810 sports events

query:    iphone price sa
keywords: iphone price

query:    发展最快的运动
keywords: 发展最快 运动

query:    老滚5重制版怎么装mod
keywords: 老滚5 重制版 mod 安装 教程

query:    IHOP refers to which N American-based fast-food chain?
keywords: IHOP N American fast-food chain

query:    自动挡的车用几只脚最合理
keywords: 自动挡 驾驶 双脚 合理 使用方法

query:    fire pit cover square 30x30x24
keywords: fire pit cover square 30x30x24

query:    My live in boy=friend and I are faceing alot of differences.. we argue all the time for all resons.. I am taking about 3 weeks off at my moms house in NV. Im I doing right or should I go back.. ASAP..\nI JUST WANT TO BE APPRECIATED....\nIS THIS THE RIGHT TACTIC...
keywords: relationship problems arguing differences break time away right decision appreciation

query:    Anyone in Bermuda that is not considered 100% of European heritage is referred to as what?
keywords: Bermuda non-European heritage 称谓

query:    Question: 原来是这样，那塞文河的源头和河口分别在哪里？ Dialogue History: 我想了解一下英国最长的河流是哪一条，能告诉我吗？
你好！英国最长的河流是塞文河，也叫severn river。它在威尔士语中称为hafren，古时候叫做sabrina。这条河总共长290公里，流经威尔士东部和英格兰西部。
keywords: 塞文河 源头 河口 位置

query:    狗狗便秘怎么办
keywords: 狗狗 便秘 解决方法

query:    检查结果是脑血管硬化，主要就是头晕。
keywords: 脑血管硬化 头晕 检查结果

query:    检索与专利权争议相关的专利法律，特别是那些涉及专利权转让、许可、侵权等方面的条款和司法解释。
keywords: 专利权争议 专利法律 专利权转让 许可 侵权 条款 司法解释

query:    where is veravil?
keywords: veravil location

query:    how many series are there of press gang
keywords: press gang series number

query:    What benefits do millisecond pulsars (msps) provide?
keywords: millisecond pulsars msps benefits

query:    what is hattori hunzo
keywords: Hattori Hunzo

query:    who got the most technical fouls in the nba
keywords: NBA technical fouls most

query:    cad怎么画空心数字9
keywords: CAD 空心数字9 绘制方法

query:    The story of Minotaur and what it symbolizes.
keywords: Minotaur story symbolism

query:    微信怎么加群号
keywords: 微信 加群 群号

query:    who pardoned the rioters in lycoming county, pennsylvania
keywords: Lycoming County Pennsylvania rioters pardon

query:    Does nitric oxide block hKv1.5 channels by S-nitrosylation and by a cyclic GMP-dependent mechanism?
keywords: nitric oxide block hKv1.5 channels S-nitrosylation cyclic GMP-dependent mechanism

query:    钛酸盐薄膜软化学制备技术的研究进展
keywords: 钛酸盐薄膜 软化学制备 研究进展

query:    In what year was it revealed that Everton had entered talks to build a new 55,000 seat stadium in Kirkby?
keywords: Everton new stadium Kirkby 55,000 seat talks revealed year

query:    经典好电影珍藏馆再战江湖
keywords: 经典电影 珍藏 再战江湖

query:    กลอนมารุ่งเรืองในยุครัตนโกสินทร์ ในรัชกาลใด?
keywords: กลอนมารุ่งเรือง ยุครัตนโกสินทร์ รัชกาล

query:    古时的戟是一种
keywords: 戟 古代 兵器 定义

query:    global disease burden
keywords: global disease burden

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裤 | 风格：运动 | 风格：青春 | 图案：拼色 | 裤型：阔腿裤
keywords: 裤 运动 青春 拼色 阔腿裤 商品描述

query:    أين تقع  بئر السبع ؟
keywords: بئر السبع موقع

query:    饮食中钠盐过多会发生骨质疏松吗
keywords: 钠盐 过多 骨质疏松 饮食 关联

query:    what is an ot 1 tax code?
keywords: OT1 tax code definition

query:    average rate of customer responses to surveys
keywords: customer survey response rate average

query:    2011 గణాంకాల ప్రకారం కృష్ణారావుపాలెం గ్రామ జనాభా ఎంత?
keywords: 2011 గణాంకాలు కృష్ణారావుపాలెం గ్రామ జనాభా

query:    متى ولد كرزيسزتوف كوسلنياك ؟
keywords: كرزيسزتوف كوسلنياك تاريخ الميلاد

query:    Question: How did the genre of fabula palliata evolve and who were some significant playwrights? Dialogue History: Can you tell me more about the Fabula Palliata genre and its characteristics?
Fabula palliata is a roman drama genre that primarily consists of romanized versions of greek plays. The term "palliata" comes from "pallium," the latin word for a greek-style cloak. The name may indicate that the actors wore such cloaks, or it could suggest that the fabula itself is metaphorically "cloaked" in a greek style. Actors in roman drama wore masks to represent different stock characters.

The only complete surviving fabulae palliatae are comedies of terence and plautus. While plautus infused the plays with roman manners, customs, boisterous humor, and musical performances, terence kept his plays closer to their greek originals. Contrary to popular belief, the genre isn't limited to comedy, and any roman play based on greek drama could be considered a fabula palliata.

Fabulae palliatae are typically set in greece with mostly greek characters and plots based on greek originals. They often feature musical performances and boisterous humor. These plays are usually tamer compared to their greek counterparts and include themes such as family problems, political criticisms, and roman sensibilities. They vary from the greek plays in that they lack a chorus and are willing to have multiple characters on stage simultaneously.
keywords: fabula palliata evolution significant playwrights

query:    ufc 排名
keywords: UFC 排名

query:    Quel est l'impact de l'art sur la préservation et la transformation des identités culturelles dans un contexte globalisé ?
keywords: art impact préservation transformation identités culturelles contexte globalisé

query:    Is aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen ( PIIINP ) associated with ascending aortic aneurysm growth rate?
keywords: aminoterminal propeptide type III procollagen PIIINP ascending aortic aneurysm growth rate association

query:    Where are the Carnac Stones, the largest megalithic site of its kind anywhere, containing over 3,000 huge rocks erected by pre-Celtic people c.4,000-3,300BC?
keywords: Carnac Stones location largest megalithic site 3000 rocks pre-Celtic 4000-3300 BC

query:    What is the statistical behavior of energy levels in an isolated metal?
keywords: energy levels statistical behavior isolated metal

query:    Where was Sir Peter Maxwell Davies born?
keywords: Sir Peter Maxwell Davies born birthplace

query:    afc是什么时候创建的
keywords: afc 创建时间 成立时间

query:    复方氨酚烷胺片治疗什么
keywords: 复方氨酚烷胺片 功效 主治

query:    附件和附录的区别
keywords: 附件 附录 区别

query:    阴道水性分泌物
keywords: 阴道 水性 分泌物

query:    Tulis perbualan antara penjual ikan dan pembeli ikan semasa hendak membeli ikan pada hari itu.
keywords: perbualan penjual ikan pembeli ikan membeli ikan

query:    What chain of museums with location in London, Dehli and other cities was founded by a French artist?
keywords: museum chain London Delhi founded French artist

query:    John D. Bessler, is a professor of law at the University of Baltimore School of Law and an adjunct professor at the Georgetown University Law Center, and the spouse of U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar, the senior United States Senator from which US state?
keywords: John D. Bessler 教授 巴尔的摩大学法学院 乔治城大学法律中心 配偶 Amy Klobuchar 美国参议员 来自 哪个州

query:    Kodi mtundu wa gwape wamkulu kwambiri ku Africa ndi chiyani?
keywords: Africa Kodi mtundu wa gwape wamkulu kwambiri

query:    who dies in the shooter episode of grey 's
keywords: Grey's Anatomy shooter episode character deaths

query:    In Greek mythology, who was, tragically, both the mother and wife of Oedipus?
keywords: Greek mythology Oedipus mother wife

query:    这段文本提到了中国人民政治协商会议第九届全国委员会增补委员名单，请问这个委员会是什么组织？
keywords: 中国人民政治协商会议 第九届 全国委员会 增补委员 名单 组织

query:    when was dna first used in a criminal case
keywords: DNA first used criminal case

query:    when was the crucifix in lübeck vandalized
keywords: Lübeck crucifix vandalized date

query:    what is coconut oil soap good for?
keywords: coconut oil soap benefits uses

query:    What kind of eggs do open nesters lay?
keywords: open nesters eggs type

query:    kapankah Yesus Kristus dilahirkan?
keywords: Yesus Kristus kelahiran tanggal

query:    who was elected the first president of the nacw
keywords: first president NACW elected

query:    what was the street in york called before it was called the shambles
keywords: Shambles York street former name history

query:    Qui est le président du Département de la Réunion?
keywords: président Département Réunion

query:    is seroquel safe to take while pregnant
keywords: seroquel safety pregnancy

query:    Does aprotinin preserve myocardial biochemical function during cold storage through suppression of tumor necrosis factor?
keywords: aprotinin myocardial biochemical function cold storage tumor necrosis factor suppression

query:    电视雪豹特战
keywords: 雪豹特战 电视剧

query:    What's the difference between a clear and crisp 720p HD video and blocky fuzzy 720p video?
keywords: 720p HD video clear crisp blocky fuzzy difference

query:    发票没打印就作废了怎么办
keywords: 发票 未打印 作废 处理方法

query:    when was gold beach gold
keywords: Gold Beach gold discovery date

query:    Born in Missouri in 1884, according to his names, he was "Head of the House" & "A Faithful Man"
keywords: Missouri 1884 Head of the House Faithful Man

query:    黎明走音事件是否对他的演唱事业产生了影响？
keywords: 黎明 走音事件 演唱事业 影响

query:    Do correlations suggest low magnesium may lead to higher rates of type 2 diabetes in Indigenous Australians?
keywords: magnesium type 2 diabetes Indigenous Australians correlation

query:    1947 'ਚ, ਮੁਸਲਮਾਨ ਲੀਗ ਨੇ ਪੰਜਾਬ ਪ੍ਰਾਂਤ 'ਚ ਸਿਧੇ ਕਾਰਵਾਈ ਦੀ ਮੰਗ ਕੀਤੀ. ਇਸਦੇ ਨਾਲ, ਪੰਜਾਬ ਪ੍ਰੀਮੀਅਰ ਸਰ ਖਿਜ਼ਰ ਹਯਾਤ ਖਾਨ ਤੇਵਾਨਾ ਨੂੰ ਇਸ ਦੀ ਕੀ ਅਸਰ ਹੋਈ ਸੀ?
keywords: 1947 ਮੁਸਲਮਾਨ ਲੀਗ ਪੰਜਾਬ ਸਿਧੇ ਕਾਰਵਾਈ ਮੰਗ ਸਰ ਖਿਜ਼ਰ ਹਯਾਤ ਖਾਨ ਤੇਵਾਨਾ ਅਸਰ

query:    孩子3岁了，打针的时候，有10天不能走路，现在又能正常走路了，我怀疑是打针伤了坐骨神经，这样的情况严重吗。走路是正常的，长大会不会有影响没有任何检查想知道这种情况是不是坐骨神经伤
keywords: 孩子 3岁 打针 不能走路 10天 坐骨神经损伤 严重性 长期影响 走路正常 无需检查

query:    What types of vehicles can be shipped using auto transport services?
keywords: auto transport services vehicle types

query:    Do regional factors interact with educational and income tax levels to influence food intake in France?
keywords: France food intake regional factors education tax income tax interaction

query:    2020年2月12日，对宁德市检查网络订餐第三方平台及代理商和网络餐饮服务提供者的“三到位”要求指什么？
keywords: 2020年2月12日 宁德市 网络订餐 第三方平台 代理商 网络餐饮服务提供者 “三到位” 要求

query:    Àbùdá èdè Yorùbá
keywords: Àbùdá èdè Yorùbá

query:    Milloin Brian De Palma syntyi?
keywords: Brian De Palma syntymäaika

query:    Which chain was founded first, Blaze Pizza or Marion's Piazza?
keywords: Blaze Pizza Marion's Piazza 成立时间 先后

query:    what does alt mean?
keywords: alt meaning definition

query:    Are age and obesity risk factors for adverse events after total hip arthroplasty?
keywords: age obesity risk factors adverse events total hip arthroplasty

query:    В каком году Римская империя и Персия подписали договор о разделе Армении?
keywords: Римская империя Персия договор раздел Армении год

query:    width of a driveway to fit two cars
keywords: driveway width two cars fit

query:    what county is davis oklahoma in
keywords: Davis Oklahoma county

query:    北京最大的小区天通苑
keywords: 天通苑 北京 最大 小区

query:    what type of buildings were built in the cotswolds
keywords: Cotswolds buildings architecture types

query:    左手大拇指抖动是征兆
keywords: 左手 大拇指 抖动 征兆

query:    how to calculate hourly wage from yearly income?
keywords: calculate hourly wage yearly income

query:    Film horor terbaru
keywords: film horor terbaru

query:    I have to get out of bed at 3:30 am so it is hard to get 8 hours of sleep a night. I get home from work around 5pm and by the time I get supper done and do some house work it is 9pm that does not leave much time for 8 hours of sleep
keywords: sleep schedule 3:30 am wake up 8 hours sleep insufficient time work until 5pm evening chores

query:    أين يقع إقليم أقور ؟
keywords: إقليم أقور موقع

query:    "Жазасын колуна берүү" дегенди кандай түшүнөсүз?
keywords: жазасын колуна берүү түшүнүк

query:    who did john mcenroe beat in the open
keywords: John McEnroe beat US Open

query:    What materials does Renee use to create her mixed media canvas?
keywords: Renee mixed media canvas materials

query:    who represents the arizona 5th district in the us house of representatives
keywords: Arizona 5th district representative US House

query:    猪血炒豆芽的做法
keywords: 猪血 炒豆芽 做法

query:    The Floridan aquifer system, composed of the Upper and Lower Floridan aquifers, is a thick sequence of Paleogene carbonate rock which spans an area of about in the southeastern United States, it underlies parts of which  state in the southern region of the United States, with part of its southern border formed by the Gulf of Mexico, and its western border is formed by the Mississippi River?
keywords: Floridan aquifer system states southeastern United States

query:    What is the upper bound on the efficiency of a three-terminal thermoelectric system at finite power output?
keywords: three-terminal thermoelectric system efficiency upper bound finite power output

query:    花鳥畫因為宋朝流行哪種風氣而比以前還要興盛？
keywords: 花鳥畫 宋朝 流行 風氣 興盛

query:    what is ribollita made of
keywords: ribollita ingredients recipe

query:    脂肪肝去哪个科室
keywords: 脂肪肝 就诊科室

query:    does protein increase bacterial metabolism
keywords: protein bacterial metabolism increase

query:    跑男出场费排名
keywords: 跑男 出场费 排名

query:    In which battle of 1403 was Henry Percy, known as Hotspur, killed?
keywords: Henry Percy Hotspur killed battle 1403

query:    寵物大尿片
keywords: 寵物 尿片 大尺寸

query:    what is anaerobic
keywords: anaerobic definition

query:    Mukhabarat el-Jamahiriya, (Intelligence of the Jamahiriya) was the national intelligence service of Libya under which Libyan revolutionary, politician, and political theorist?
keywords: Mukhabarat el-Jamahiriya 利比亚 国家情报机构 领导人

query:    ps色相饱和度
keywords: ps 色相 饱和度 调整

query:    Does rearfoot eversion have indirect effects on plantar fascia tension by changing the amount of arch collapse?
keywords: rearfoot eversion indirect effects plantar fascia tension arch collapse

query:    What has devolved from materialism?
keywords: materialism devolution consequences

query:    20kg等于多少磅?
keywords: 20kg 磅 换算

query:    Kapan Ernest Miller Hemingway lahir?
keywords: Ernest Miller Hemingway lahir tanggal

query:    If an employee can request reimbursement of travel expenses based on mileage, what are the conditions?
keywords: employee travel expenses reimbursement mileage conditions

query:    क्या उनके बड़े बेटे मुकेश अंबानी ने हिंदू परंपरा के अनुसार अंतिम संस्कार को पूरा किया?
keywords: मुकेश अंबानी बड़े बेटे अंतिम संस्कार हिंदू परंपरा

query:    kawasaki mule accessories
keywords: Kawasaki Mule accessories

query:    富昌國際為何會在2002年12月16日起暫停買賣？
keywords: 富昌國際 2002年12月16日 暫停買賣 原因

query:    reno average temperature
keywords: Reno 平均气温

query:    人在睡觉的时候打呼噜什么愿意
keywords: 打呼噜 原因 睡觉

query:    What racing team that is co-owned by Jackie Chan that competes, in partnershp with Jota Sports and Arden International?
keywords: Jackie Chan racing team co-owned Jota Sports Arden International partnership

query:    Como a teoría económica explica a relación entre a inflación e o desemprego?
keywords: teoría económica inflación desemprego relación explicación

query:    what is the process of recovering information from a radio transmitter
keywords: radio transmitter information recovery process

query:    how long does speeding ticket affect insurance
keywords: speeding ticket insurance impact duration

query:    xmp文件怎么用ps打开
keywords: xmp文件 ps 打开 方法

query:    Why do emergency services cost so much?
keywords: emergency services cost high reasons

query:    手淫已经有两三年了，想戒掉手淫，恢复以前没有过手淫的状态，请医生指导我，怎么弥补，我不想在手淫了。
keywords: 戒除手淫 恢复 方法 医生指导

query:    What type of component can both make and change ions?
keywords: ion exchange component make change ions

query:    Create a function that takes an array of arrays of numbers, calculates the sum of the numbers across all the arrays, and returns the average of those sums. Each array within the main array can have a different length.

arr = [[1, 2, 3], [4, 5, 6], [7, 8, 9], [10, 11, 12, 13]]

Additional Requirement:
The function should handle cases where some of the arrays within the main array are empty. The empty arrays should be ignored when calculating the sum and average.
keywords: function array arrays numbers sum average different length empty arrays ignore

query:    What is the earliest ancestor of humans from about 55 million years ago?
keywords: earliest human ancestor 55 million years ago

query:    You need to parse a given HTML string and obtain not only the list of tags in the string but also the list of attributes (if any) associated with each tag. For nested tags, your function should also show the level of nesting.

html_string = "<div id='main'> <h1 style='color:red'>Hello World!</h1> <p class='intro'>This is a HTML string.</p> <div class='nested'><p>Inner text</p></div> </div>" 

Additionally, your function should output the text content inside every tag.

Note: Implement a solution without using any HTML parsing libraries. You may use standard data structure and string manipulation libraries.
keywords: HTML 字符串 解析 标签 属性 嵌套 层级 文本内容 实现 不使用解析库

query:    ブティックホテルのイベントを成功させるための独創的で魅力的なプロモーションアイデアを探しています。具体的な提案や実例を教えてください。
keywords: ブティックホテル イベント 成功 独創的 魅力的 プロモーション アイデア 具体例 実例

query:    Margaret Mary Ray stalked an American physician and retired NASA astronaut who is a public speaker and consultant to Disney's IMagineering group, and who else?
keywords: Margaret Mary Ray stalked physician NASA astronaut public speaker Disney Imagineering consultant

query:    How does concrete work?(powder + water = solid concrete????
keywords: concrete mechanism powder water solidification process

query:    Whether it's "C", "D" or "AA", an alkaline battery supplies this many volts
keywords: alkaline battery voltage C D AA

query:    describe how a catalyst affects a chemical change
keywords: catalyst chemical change effects

query:    what pill will stop your period
keywords: stop period pill

query:    南安市近20家石材市场合计免除商户租金多少钱？
keywords: 南安市 石材市场 免除租金 金额 近20家

query:    eddie amador's hit single 'not everyone understands what's it about
keywords: Eddie Amador hit single not everyone understands

query:    who was the killer in max b in new jersey
keywords: Max B New Jersey killer

query:    铜与浓硝酸反应化学反应方程式和离子方程式
keywords: 铜 浓硝酸 反应 化学方程式 离子方程式

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 版型：宽松 | 版型：显瘦 | 风格：街头 | 风格：复古 | 风格：潮 | 风格：嘻哈 | 图案：复古 | 衣样式：衬衫 | 衣款式：拼接 | 衣款式：口袋
keywords: 衬衫 拼接 口袋 宽松 显瘦 街头 复古 潮 嘻哈 图案

query:    未婚先孕抚养费应该怎么给
keywords: 未婚先孕 抚养费 支付 方法

query:    阴茎杂菌感染能治好吗
keywords: 阴茎 杂菌感染 治疗 治愈

query:    Kapan Peperangan Qing–Dzungar terjadi ?
keywords: Peperangan Qing–Dzungar waktu terjadi

query:    What is Google Fiber, and Why is it Supposed to be Better Than Current Internet Connections?
keywords: Google Fiber advantages comparison current internet connections

query:    又又的四字词语
keywords: 又又 四字词语 成语

query:    Does polymerase delta interacting protein 2 sustain vascular structure and function?
keywords: polymerase delta interacting protein 2 vascular structure function sustain

query:    How does someone with aquagenic urticaria, or allergy to water, drink h20? Let alone survive?

I've heard some people have to only drink diet coke, but doesn't that contain a good amount of water as well? And how is your body not constantly suffering with 70% of it being made up of water? I really gotta hear the explanation for this. Baffled.
keywords: aquagenic urticaria water allergy drink survive body composition explanation

query:    The elder of these German painters did mostly altarpieces; "the Younger" painted mostly portraits
keywords: German painters elder altarpieces Younger portraits

query:    黄金台百度网盘
keywords: 黄金台 百度网盘

query:    Design a function that performs five distinct operations on a provided nested list, each inner list being composed of string elements. The first operation necessitates the elimination of any repetitive string elements within each unique inner list. Following the removal of such duplicates, the second operation mandates the arrangement of each inner list in an ascending lexicographical order, taking into account the case sensitivity of the string elements. The third operation requires you to identify and correct any erroneous string elements that do not conform to the ASCII printable characters. The fourth operation requires you to identify and replace any string elements that are palindromes with the string "PALINDROME". The fifth operation requires you to identify and replace any string elements that are anagrams of each other with the string "ANAGRAM".

Here is a piece of erroneous code that attempts to perform the first two operations but fails to handle case sensitivity correctly and does not perform the third, fourth and fifth operations at all:

```python
def process_nested_list(nested_list):
    result = []
    for sublist in nested_list:
        sublist = list(set(sublist))
        sublist.sort()
        result.append(sublist)
    return result
```

Your task is to correct this code and extend it to also perform the third, fourth and fifth operations.
keywords: nested list string operations remove duplicates sort lexicographical ASCII printable characters palindrome replace anagram correct code

query:    Question: 帕雷的发明和医学贡献有哪些？ Dialogue History: 那帕雷为什么不赞成当时的激烈治疗方法呢？
帕雷不赞成当时流行的激烈治疗方法，是因为这些方法可能会对患者的身体造成更大的伤害。例如在治疗男性疝气患者时，当时的主流疗法是切除患者的性器官；在进行截肢手术时，使用烙铁烧灼血管。帕雷认为这些治疗方法太过残忍，可能导致患者产生更多并发症。因此，他倡导尽量采用更加温和的治疗方法，以减轻患者的痛苦和副作用。
请你给我介绍一下帕雷是谁？
你好，很高兴为你解答关于帕雷的问题。帕雷（ambroise paré）是一位法国外科医生，活动于1510-1590年。他为军队提供医疗支持。与当时主流治疗手法相悖，帕雷更推崇温和的治疗，例如轻度疝气患者只在必要时才动手术，而不是过度使用激烈的治疗方法。同时，他还发明了多种医疗器械，如金属假牙、义肢和义眼等。帕雷在疝带普及上贡献颇多，首次提出梅毒可能导致动脉瘤，他还为医学界撰写了许多著作，分享外科经验。
keywords: 帕雷 发明 医学贡献

query:    ¿Cuál es la altura máxima permitida para los edificios de madera en Japón?
keywords: Japón edificios madera altura máxima permitida

query:    where is the yukon river located
keywords: Yukon River location

query:    How can gambling be illegal in US States that run a lottery? Isn't the lotto just state-run gambling?
keywords: gambling illegal US states lottery state-run contradiction

query:    ఆనందీబాయి జోషి భర్త పేరేంటి?
keywords: ఆనందీబాయి జోషి భర్త పేరు

query:    Сколько тезисов Мартина Лютера легли в основу лютеранства?
keywords: Мартин Лютер тезисы лютеранство основа

query:    Who took the Gigapan image and when was it taken?
keywords: Gigapan image photographer date taken

query:    what departments are at rice
keywords: Rice University departments list

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裤 | 版型：显瘦 | 颜色：迷彩色 | 图案：迷彩 | 裤长：九分裤
keywords: 裤 显瘦 迷彩色 迷彩图案 九分裤 商品描述

query:    上个月2号来事，这月7号的事，16号做爱？上个月2号来事，这月7号的事，16号做爱会怀孕吗？没射进去。
keywords: 上个月2号 月经 这月7号 16号 做爱 没射 怀孕 可能

query:    average electricity bill per month
keywords: average electricity bill monthly

query:    Elevate the challenge of the existing problem for a coding assessment.

The refactored code can be found below:
/*
Given three edges of a triangle, your task is to compute and return the area of this triangle with a precision of two decimal places. In addition, establish a technique to verify the validity of the triangle formed by these lengths. In case the sides fail to create a valid triangle, resort to returning -1.

The validity of a triangle is based on the rule that the summation of lengths of any two edges should surpass the length of the third edge.

Furthermore, include a provision in this function that allows it to handle not just typical Euclidean geometry but also spherical triangles. To ascertain whether the computation should be executed using Euclidean or spherical geometry, supplement an optional char parameter in the function to indicate the triangle's classification.

Examples:
triangle_area(3, 4, 5, 'E') should yield 6.00
triangle_area(1, 2, 10, 'E') will return -1
triangle_area(90, 90, 90, 'S') should give the area of an equivalent spherical triangle.

For spherical triangles, use degrees as the unit for side lengths. Assume the sphere to have a radius equalling one unit.

*/
#include<stdio.h>
#include<math.h>
using namespace std;
float triangle_area(float a,float b,float c, char type='E'){

/* Inputs:
a, b, c: measures of the edges of a triangle
type: 'E' for Euclidean triangles, 'S' for Spherical triangles
Outputs:
Area of the formulated triangle rounded to the 2nd decimal place or -1 if the sides don't form a valid triangle */
keywords: coding assessment problem challenge elevate

query:    Does pIP3-independent activation of TorC2 and PKB at the cell 's leading edge mediate chemotaxis?
keywords: pIP3-independent TorC2 PKB activation leading edge chemotaxis mediation

query:    Question: That's interesting, but how did they go about making paper from these materials? and why did they seem to prefer plant fibers, fishing nets, or old rags? Dialogue History: Oh dear, you know, in my days we used to write on paper. i don't see it much these days. tell me, what's the story behind this old paper invention?
The invention of paper dates back to ancient times. The first ancient paper-like sheet was papyrus in egypt, around the 4th century bc. However, the actual plant-puree-conglomerate based papermaking process was documented in china during the eastern han period (25–220 ce), which is traditionally attributed to the court official cai lun. In the 8th century, chinese papermaking spread to the islamic world, where it replaced alternatives like papyrus and inscriptions. The muslim world then took their papermaking skills to europe, and it was around the 11th century that paper replaced materials like animal-skin-based parchment.

The word "paper" comes from the word papyrus, referring to the ancient egyptian material made from the pith of the cyperus papyrus plant. However, the manufacturing process of papyrus and paper are noticeably different. Papyrus uses strips cut from the plant, which are laid side by side to form a sheet, while the manufacturing process of paper involves breaking down the plant material and pressing it into an even surface.

Traditional chinese papers were made from materials like mulberry and other plant fibers, as well as fishing nets, old rags, and hemp waste. The idea behind this process was attributed to cai lun, although archaeological evidence predating his invention has been discovered, so the exact inventor is unclear. The purpose of paper was to provide a lightweight, cheap, and practical alternative to the previously used materials like bone, bamboo, and silk. The invention and subsequent improvements of paper revolutionized the way people preserved and transmitted information.
keywords: paper making materials plant fibers fishing nets old rags preference reasons

query:    Question: 我能联系上张浩医生吗？ Dialogue History: 他在哪些学术组织中担任职务？
张浩医生在多个学术组织中担任职务。他是中国医师协会肾脏病分会委员，中华肾脏病专业委员会血液净化专家组成员，中关村血液净化诊疗技术创新联盟实用性技术评估和推广专业委员会副主任委员，湖南省肾脏病专业委员会候任主任委员，湖南省风湿病专业委员会副主任委员，湖南省内科学专业委员会副主任委员兼腹膜透析学组组长。此外，他还是国家科技进步奖现场评审专家和国家自然科学基金函审专家。张浩医生同时担任《中华肾脏病杂志》、《中华老年器官衰竭杂志》、《国际泌尿系统杂志》、《临床肾脏病杂志》和《医学临床研究》等多家杂志的编委。
张浩医生的学术成果有哪些呢？
张浩医生有很多学术成果。他主持过国家自然科学基金面上项目2项，湖南省自然科学基金2项，并参与省部级课题10余项。他发表过的科研论文有140余篇，其中sci论文60余篇。此外，张浩医生还培养了很多研究生，包括硕士研究生50余名和博士研究生10余名。
请问张浩医生的专业领域是什么？
张浩医生的专业领域主要是肾病风湿病科。他擅长诊治原发性肾小球病、风湿免疫性疾病、高血压肾病、糖尿病肾病、痛风性肾病、急慢性肾衰竭以及复杂性尿路感染等疾病。他在自己的科室中开展了一些技术项目，如经皮肾活检、腹膜透析、各种血液净化等，并建立了较为完善的肾脏风湿免疫疾病临床实验室。
keywords: 张浩医生 联系方式 联系

query:    Question: 你好，请问你知道朝日放送电视台的历史吗？ Dialogue History:
keywords: 朝日放送电视台 历史

query:    Do glomerular autacoids stimulated by bradykinin regulate efferent arteriole tone?
keywords: bradykinin glomerular autacoids efferent arteriole tone regulation

query:    Between Les Claypool and Dennis Locorriere, who had more diverse job experiences?
keywords: Les Claypool Dennis Locorriere 职业经历 多样性 比较

query:    who is robert sidaway
keywords: Robert Sidaway

query:    Tren mode terkini
keywords: Tren mode terkini

query:    what is the price for goods or services in a contract
keywords: contract price goods services

query:    what county is holdingford mn
keywords: Holdingford Minnesota county

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 版型：宽松 | 版型：显瘦 | 风格：简约 | 风格：休闲 | 风格：潮 | 图案：线条 | 衣样式：棒球服 | 衣长：短款 | 衣款式：拼接
keywords: 棒球服 短款 拼接 宽松 显瘦 简约 休闲 潮 线条 上衣

query:    What is the main ingredient of the dish Welsh Rabbit?
keywords: Welsh Rabbit main ingredient

query:    what is acrylic?
keywords: acrylic definition

query:    definition of the aum of hinduism
keywords: Hinduism aum definition

query:    Does aminoguanidine prevent the impairment of cardiac pumping mechanics in rats with streptozotocin and nicotinamide-induced type 2 diabetes?
keywords: aminoguanidine cardiac pumping mechanics impairment prevention streptozotocin nicotinamide-induced type 2 diabetes rats

query:    are subway cups refillable uk?
keywords: subway cups refillable UK

query:    What is the biggest species of squid?
keywords: largest squid species

query:    Question: Can you describe the route of i-94 in southwestern michigan? Dialogue History: What are the traffic counts on I-94 and how many lanes does it have?
The traffic counts on i-94 in michigan vary depending on the specific location along the freeway. Based on the 2013 statistics, the highest traffic count was 154,800 vehicles on average between i-75 and chene street in detroit. The lowest traffic count was 15,370 vehicles immediately east of the blue water bridge in port huron. Please note that these figures are from 2013, and current traffic counts may differ.

As for the number of lanes, i-94 varies in its capacity throughout the state. In general, it is either a four- or six-lane freeway for most of its length. However, there is one particular segment in the detroit area, near the airport, where it expands to up to ten lanes in total.

The lane capacity on i-94 is designed to accommodate the traffic demands of different regions, ensuring smooth flow and ease-of-access across michigan's southern section, from rural areas to heavily populated metropolitan zones.
History of interstate 94 in michigan and its significance?
Interstate 94 (I-94) is a part of the Interstate Highway System that runs from Billings, Montana, to the Lower Peninsula of Michigan. The first segment of what later became I-94 within Michigan, the Willow Run Expressway, was built near Ypsilanti and Belleville in 1941, and an easterly extension to Detroit was completed in 1945. This expressway was initially numbered M-112. 

By 1960, the length of I-94 was completed from Detroit to New Buffalo. Subsequent extensions in the 1960s completed most of the remaining route. The last segment opened to the public in 1972 when Indiana finished their connection across the state line. The routing of I-94 in Michigan is notable for containing the first full freeway-to-freeway interchange in the United States, connecting to the Lodge Freeway (M-10). Furthermore, it comprises the first complete border-to-border toll-free freeway in a state in the United States.

The entire length of I-94 in Michigan is listed on the National Highway System, a network of roadways important to the country's economy, defense, and mobility. As the state trunkline highway closest to the lake shore in several areas, I-94 carries the Lake Michigan Circle Tour south of Benton Harbor – St. Joseph and the Lake Huron Circle Tour in the Port Huron area.

I-94 serves various metropolitan areas in the southern section of Michigan, including Benton Harbor, Kalamazoo, and Battle Creek on the west side of the peninsula. From there, it runs through Jackson and Ann Arbor and portions of Metro Detroit before angling northeasterly to Port Huron, where it ends on the Blue Water Bridge at the Canadian border.

The highway has one auxiliary route, Interstate 194, which serves downtown Battle Creek, and eight business routes. With its historical significance and its connection to multiple metropolitan areas, I-94 plays a crucial role in Michigan's transportation system and its overall development.
keywords: I-94 route southwestern Michigan

query:    扑海因异菌脲的作用
keywords: 扑海因 异菌脲 作用 功效

query:    Are levels of C-reactive protein associated with high and very high cardiovascular risk prevalent in patients with rheumatoid arthritis?
keywords: C-reactive protein levels cardiovascular risk rheumatoid arthritis prevalence

query:    During what time did cotton become widely used in India?
keywords: cotton widely used India time period

query:    متى تولى محمد أنور محمد السادات الرئاسة في مصر؟
keywords: محمد أنور السادات تولى الرئاسة مصر تاريخ

query:    地壳运动方向检索相邻板块的关系
keywords: 地壳运动 方向 相邻板块 关系 检索

query:    Design a class in Python to find the reverse of a number. The class should also have a method that returns the sum of the digits in the reversed number. Additionally, handle the case when the input number is negative and return the reverse as a negative number as well.

Constraints:
- The input number can be a positive or negative integer with a maximum absolute value of 10^9.
- The time complexity of the reverse method should be O(log n), where n is the absolute value of the input number.
- The space complexity should be O(1).

Rewritten Test:
Design a class in Python to find the reverse of a number. The class should also have a method that returns the sum of the digits in the reversed number. Additionally, handle the case when the input number is negative and return the reverse as a negative number as well.

Constraints:
- The input number can be a positive or negative integer with a maximum absolute value of 10^18.
- The time complexity of the reverse method should be O(log n), where n is the absolute value of the input number.
- The space complexity should be O(1).

In addition to the original constraints, consider the following:
- Implement a method to check if the reversed number is a palindrome.
- Implement a method to find the number of unique digits in the reversed number.
- Implement a method to find the factorial of the sum of the digits in the reversed number.
- Implement a method to find the number of prime factors in the reversed number.
- Implement a method to find the largest prime factor of the reversed number.
- Implement a method to find the smallest prime factor of the reversed number.
- Implement a method to find the sum of all prime factors of the reversed number.
keywords: Python class 数字反转 数字逆序 位数求和 负数处理 时间复杂度 O(log n) 空间复杂度 O(1) 回文数判断 唯一数字统计 阶乘计算 质因数分解 最大质因数 最小质因数 质因数和

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 材质：针织 | 风格：简约 | 裙下摆：荷叶边 | 裙衣长：短款 | 裙领型：圆领 | 裙袖型：收口 | 裙款式：拼接 | 裙款式：螺纹
keywords: 裙 针织 简约 荷叶边 短款 圆领 收口 拼接 螺纹 商品描述

query:    我不知道是不是艾滋病询问下我大约8周前有过有套行为男同2周后全身无力喉咙痛淋巴结有点大低烧一天全身无力然后2周后去检查为阴性白细胞过高淋巴结有点低挂了几天水身体好转稍微有力点然后就无力6周然后再去检查白细胞正常单核细胞偏低4周后拉肚子持续15天左右现在全身有力气感觉还好能帮助我吗是不是HIV吗谢谢
keywords: HIV 艾滋病 检测 症状 男同 有套行为 8周 阴性 全身无力 喉咙痛 淋巴结肿大 低烧 白细胞高 单核细胞低 拉肚子

query:    Question: Hms ajax, an ironclad battleship from the 1870s. Dialogue History:
keywords: HMS Ajax 铁甲舰 1870年代

query:    我最近对园艺很感兴趣，想要了解一些关于茉莉花的生长习性。请问有哪些注意事项？比如它的土壤、水分、光照、温度和肥料需求等等。
keywords: 茉莉花 生长习性 土壤 水分 光照 温度 肥料 注意事项

query:    Laurence Hyde, 1st Earl of Rochester supported a revolution to over throw King James II of England in what year?
keywords: Laurence Hyde 1st Earl of Rochester supported revolution overthrow King James II England year

query:    Explain the concept of backpropagation in neural networks and its significance in improving the model's accuracy. Additionally, demonstrate the implementation of a neural network model using Python's TensorFlow library to solve a specific problem in the field of image classification.

You are required to build a neural network model that can accurately classify images of handwritten digits from the MNIST dataset. Start by explaining the architecture of the neural network, including the number of hidden layers, neurons in each layer, and the activation functions used. Discuss the reasons behind your choices and how they contribute to the model's performance.

Next, delve into the concept of backpropagation, explaining how it enables the model to learn from its mistakes and adjust its weights and biases accordingly. Elaborate on the mathematical formulas used in backpropagation, such as the gradient descent algorithm, and illustrate how they are applied in the neural network.

In the implementation section, showcase the code to train the neural network model using TensorFlow. Explain the steps involved, such as loading the MNIST dataset, preprocessing the data, defining the model architecture using TensorFlow's high-level API, and compiling the model with appropriate loss and optimizer functions. Provide detailed explanations for each step and highlight any key parameters or hyperparameters that affect the model's performance.

Furthermore, introduce a more advanced technique, such as regularization, to improve the model's generalization ability and prevent overfitting. Discuss different regularization methods, such as L1 and L2 regularization, and explain how they can be incorporated into the neural network model. Implement the chosen regularization technique in your TensorFlow code and evaluate its impact on the model's performance.

Finally, present the evaluation metrics of the trained model, such as accuracy, precision, and recall, and interpret the results. Discuss any potential limitations or challenges faced during the implementation and propose possible solutions or improvements.

In conclusion, this rewritten test not only requires a demonstration of a working neural network model but also requires a deep understanding of the backpropagation algorithm and its significance in improving the model's accuracy. The complexity is increased by adding more reasoning steps, explaining the choices made in the model architecture, providing detailed code implementation using TensorFlow, and incorporating advanced techniques like regularization.
keywords: backpropagation neural networks TensorFlow MNIST image classification implementation regularization

query:    医生我现在情况是压根发黑而也感觉有浓口臭严重我自己感觉口臭是牙齿上问题要怎么处理
keywords: 口臭 牙齿 发黑 处理 方法

query:    raid5数据恢复方法
keywords: RAID5 数据恢复 方法

query:    Do doppler-derived ejection intraventricular pressure gradients provide a reliable assessment of left ventricular systolic chamber function?
keywords: Doppler-derived ejection intraventricular pressure gradients reliable assessment left ventricular systolic chamber function

query:    what is kdx
keywords: kdx definition

query:    Why do we feel better after we cry? the chemical part if there is any
keywords: crying feel better chemical reasons

query:    花小猪打车软件是滴滴公司的吗
keywords: 花小猪 滴滴 公司 关系 所属

query:    is an amendment an act
keywords: amendment act definition

query:    cad画等距多条平行线
keywords: CAD 等距 平行线 绘制

query:    加拿大放假是什么时候
keywords: 加拿大 放假 时间

query:    how do you change your profile name on zoom?
keywords: Zoom profile name change

query:    NEOCONS PRETEND TO BE SMARTER, YET THEY ARE MOSTLY REDNECKS THAT CAN'T SPEAK GOOD ENGLISH.  LOOK AT BUSH FOR INSTANCE.
keywords: NEOCONS intelligence Bush English speaking ability rednecks

query:    What is the main campus of Pace University located?
keywords: Pace University main campus location

query:    Question: My grandchildren loved watching mary poppins returns. could you tell me how it relates to the original film and p. l. travers' books? Dialogue History: How did disney end up making the mary poppins movie?
Disney's interest in mary poppins began when walt disney's daughters became enamored with the book series. Disney spent many years pursuing pamela lyndon travers, trying to obtain the film rights for an adaptation of her mary poppins stories. During world war ii, travers worked for the british ministry of information and traveled to new york city, where disney first contacted her with the proposition.

Walt disney made several efforts, including visiting travers at her home in london, to persuade her to sell the rights. After a lengthy negotiation process, travers finally agreed to sell the rights for a film adaptation to disney. The movie mary poppins premiered in 1964, featuring the magical nanny character from travers' books. It starred julie andrews as mary poppins and became one of disney's most iconic films.

In 2013, a movie titled saving mr. Banks was released, which details the story of disney's attempts to acquire the rights from travers. Emma thompson portrayed travers in the film, and tom hanks played walt disney. The film showcases the challenges disney faced in convincing travers to give her approval for the adaptation.
I'd like to know more about pamela lyndon travers' early life and how she started her writing career.
Pamela lyndon travers, born as helen lyndon goff on august 9, 1899, in maryborough, queensland, australia, had a complex upbringing. Her father travers robert goff struggled with alcoholism and was unable to maintain a successful career as a bank manager. Her mother, margaret agnes goff, was of australian descent and related to boyd dunlop morehead, a former premier of queensland. Pamela's father passed away in 1907, which deeply affected her.

Growing up, pamela lived a simple life, receiving a small weekly allowance and occasional gifts from her parents. She had an active imagination and developed an idiosyncratic fantasy life according to her biographer, valerie lawson. Goff was an avid reader, claiming to read from the age of three and having a particular love for fairy tales.

Pamela first got published as a teenager and later found employment as a cashier before pursuing her passion for theater. In 1921, she joined a shakespearean company led by allan wilkie, working as an actress. It was during this time that she adopted the stage name "pamela lyndon travers" and began her writing career under the pen name "p. L. Travers."

She earned recognition as a writer after a journalist she met in new zealand published her poem in the christchurch sun newspaper. Travers continued to submit her work to various publications, including the shakespeare quarterly, vision, and the green room. Eventually, she focused on writing poetry and authored the famous mary poppins series.
keywords: Mary Poppins Returns original film P.L. Travers books relation

query:    How many acts are in both Le roi d'Ys and King Roger?
keywords: Le roi d'Ys King Roger acts number

query:    what material is pluto's planet made of
keywords: Pluto composition material

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 版型：宽松 | 版型：显瘦 | 材质：蕾丝 | 颜色：黑色 | 风格：清新 | 图案：蝴蝶结 | 图案：蕾丝 | 裙腰型：高腰 | 裙长：长裙 | 裙款式：绑带
keywords: 裙 宽松 显瘦 蕾丝 黑色 清新 蝴蝶结 高腰 长裙 绑带

query:    Ijamba ina ba dukia olowo nla jẹ niluu Bode Saadu
keywords: Ijamba dukia olowo nla Bode Saadu

query:    where is colliford lake
keywords: Colliford Lake location

query:    我儿子今年5岁半，总是夜间磨牙。都好长时间了，我给他吃过肠虫清可还是磨牙，不是肚子有虫那是怎么回事，请专家帮忙，谢谢了。
keywords: 儿童 夜间磨牙 5岁 原因 治疗 肠虫清 无效

query:    You are tasked with creating a function to manage stock trading orders. The function should close all buy orders if the market is bearish, and close all sell orders if the market is bullish. The function should take a list of orders as input and return the updated list after closing the relevant orders.

You are given the following code snippet as a starting point:

```python
def close_all_orders(orders):
    # Your implementation here

# Example usage
buy_orders = [100, 150, 200, 250]
close_all_orders(buy_orders)
```

Your task is to complete the `close_all_orders` function to achieve the following:
- If the market is bearish (indicated by a condition), close all buy orders by removing them from the input list.
- If the market is bullish (indicated by the opposite condition), close all sell orders by removing them from the input list.
- Return the updated list of orders after closing the relevant orders.

Write the `close_all_orders` function to accomplish the above requirements.
keywords: close_all_orders function stock trading orders buy orders bearish market sell orders bullish market remove from list implementation

query:    Apakah itu Fabel? Jelaskan dan berikan satu contoh teks yang dapat dikategorikan sebagai Fabel.

Jawaban:
keywords: Fabel pengertian contoh teks kategori

query:    what is the heartland of argentina called
keywords: Argentina heartland name

query:    yeti lid
keywords: yeti lid

query:    Is granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor a key mediator in inflammatory and arthritic pain?
keywords: granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor GM-CSF key mediator inflammatory pain arthritic pain

query:    How many bits are there in a byte?
keywords: byte bits number

query:    舟山什么好玩的地方
keywords: 舟山 旅游景点 好玩 推荐

query:    what is the difference between sodium metabisulfite and potassium metabisulphite?
keywords: sodium metabisulfite potassium metabisulphite difference

query:    长针眼了怎么办
keywords: 长针眼 治疗方法 应对措施

query:    Use scikit-learn and numpy libraries to not only split the iris dataset (https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/machine-learning-databases/iris/iris.data) into a training set and a testing set with a ratio of 70:30, but also standardize the dataset before the split. 

Additionally, implement K-Fold Cross Validation (with k=5) on the training set and compute the average accuracy score. Use the kNN algorithm as the model for this task, select an optimal 'k' hyperparameter by trying different values of 'k' (from 1 to 10) and determine which one gives the highest average accuracy score. Use 'euclidean' as the distance metric for kNN implementation. Make sure your code is efficient and well-commented.
keywords: scikit-learn numpy iris dataset split training testing 70:30 standardization K-Fold Cross Validation k=5 average accuracy score kNN algorithm optimal k hyperparameter 1 to 10 euclidean distance metric efficient code comments

query:    形容玫瑰花香气的句子
keywords: 玫瑰 花香 描写 句子

query:    不保价的快递快递员会拿走吗
keywords: 快递 不保价 快递员 拿走 风险

query:    肝病的症状有哪个
keywords: 肝病 症状

query:    does pomegranate juice have sucrose
keywords: pomegranate juice sucrose content

query:    Mikä on Puolan kansalliseepos?
keywords: Puola kansalliseepos

query:    Which song was written in 1954 and recorded by "Mister Country"?
keywords: song written 1954 recorded Mister Country

query:    Bara Ulaya lina idadi ngapi ya watu?
keywords: Bara Ulaya idadi ya watu

query:    事业单位合同到期不续签有补偿金吗
keywords: 事业单位 合同到期 不续签 补偿金

query:    If I put a large down payment (over 50%) towards a car loan, can I reduce my interest rate and is it smart to even put that much down?
keywords: car loan large down payment over 50% reduce interest rate smart

query:    Tarvitsen ohjeita siitä, miten voin korjata veneen jääkaappini, joka ei enää jaa asianmukaisesti. Onko jossain vaiheessa tarpeen korvata jään muodostumisen estämistä varten käytettyä osaa?
keywords: vene jääkaappi korjaus jäänmuodostumisen esto osan vaihto

query:    Где был создан первый Лине́йный кре́йсер?
keywords: Лине́йный кре́йсер первый создан где

query:    what animal is used in cruel and unusual punishments
keywords: cruel unusual punishments animal used

query:    手足口症状
keywords: 手足口病 症状

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 材质：针织 | 颜色：灰色 | 风格：简约 | 裙下摆：开叉 | 裙袖长：五分袖 | 裙领型：圆领
keywords: 裙 针织 灰色 简约 开叉 五分袖 圆领

query:    植物D型细胞周期蛋白
keywords: 植物 D型 细胞周期蛋白

query:    I met this girl not too long ago…maybe a month or two back. We met through a mutual friend. I’m pretty sure she is single, as she has never made any mention of a boyfriend…and I don’t know, she’s always very well put together, friendly, she’s funny…and she’s good looking too! We see each other almost everyday during the week for brief amounts of time, maybe an hour or two. We both go to college together and are in a very demanding program. Anyway – I sort of “have a thing for her,” and if she was interested, and I’m not sure if she is, I’d love to give it ago! You think it’s worth a shot? We do have a lot of mutual friends and take classes together. I don’t want anything to get weird, you know? Although…she seems like she is above all of that childish high school-esq drama that sometimes comes with expressing an interest in another person. What do you recommend? Oh…and I am sort of still healing from a break up that got me a bit depressed.
keywords: college crush mutual friends dating advice interested signs

query:    Question: I've developed a deeper appreciation for library instruction and its importance in fostering information literacy. if i were to design a library instruction program for a local academic library, could you help me outline the primary goals and methods i should consider incorporating in my program? what would you recommend based on current trends and best practices? Dialogue History: It seems the rise of the internet has had a significant influence on library instruction. i suppose it would be necessary to adapt library instruction methods to cater to the contemporary information environment. how do model programs ensure library instruction remains effective and relevant with changing information environments and the introduction of new instructional technologies?
Absolutely, the rapid advancements in information environments and instructional technologies have made it essential for library instruction programs to adapt and stay relevant. To ensure effectiveness, model programs should incorporate several strategies:

1. Emphasize both traditional and digital information literacy skills, including database searching, web-based research, and critical evaluation of sources.

2. Utilize technology-enhanced teaching methods, such as online tutorials, interactive quizzes, and multimedia presentations to engage with patrons in various ways and cater to different learning styles.

3. Implement modern approaches to library instruction, such as the cephalonian method, that emphasize active learning and adapt to new instructional technologies.

4. Collaborate with faculty and subject matter experts to develop and integrate library instruction into course curricula, ensuring that students can apply the skills learned in a relevant context.

5. Regularly assess and update the library instruction program to stay current with new developments in information technology and educational theory, and to address the changing needs of library users.

Taking these steps will help ensure that library instruction remains meaningful, effective, and responsive to the evolving information environment.
What is the cephalonian method mentioned earlier?
The cephalonian method is an innovative approach to library instruction that focuses on creating a fun, engaging, and interactive learning environment. It uses a variety of stimulating techniques to encourage active participation and foster curiosity among the learners. This method involves the use of color-coded cards containing questions that the learners pick and ask the instructor. The cards can be organized by theme, and the instructor can prepare answers and resources beforehand. This way, participants can guide the session, making the learning experience personalized and more enjoyable while covering important topics related to library instruction and information literacy.
I've been reading about library instruction and its history. how library instruction has evolved over the years, especially with the introduction of new teaching methods and technologies, and how it relates to information literacy?
Library instruction has gone through significant changes since its inception in the 19th century. It started with a focus on teaching library users how to locate information effectively through the library's organizational systems and research methodologies appropriate to their academic discipline.

During the 1970s and 1980s, library instruction extended beyond the mechanics of identifying and locating materials, incorporating critical thinking, active learning, and concept teaching, such as controlled vocabularies. However, the primary focus remained on physical libraries, considering the limited availability of computer technology for public use at the time.

As information and communication technology (ict) has advanced, library instruction has evolved to accommodate the changing concepts of information use and understanding. Modern approaches like ict literacy extend traditional information literacy to encompass computer technology used in various forms for manipulating, delivering, and receiving information and ideas. Consequently, library instruction programs now utilize various tools and resources to provide interactive and engaging learning experiences.

Information literacy is a crucial aspect of library instruction. It pertains to the set of skills required to recognize when information is needed and the ability to locate, evaluate, and effectively use that information. In academic settings, this literacy can take many forms, such as long classes or integrating projects into related subject matter courses. Literacy competency standards are outlined by the association of college and research libraries to guide the development of library instruction programs.
keywords: library instruction program design goals methods current trends best practices academic library

query:    What is the virtual channel number for KTLA?
keywords: KTLA virtual channel number

query:    what is epo?

ELI5: I have come to learn that some Jehovah’s witnesses use epo instead of a blood transfusion. As I though epo was a kind of blood transfusion commonly used by bikers I am a bit confused. I know it has something to do with naturally producing a higher amount of red blood cells or so, but how is epo different from a normal blood transfusion?
keywords: EPO Jehovah's Witnesses blood transfusion difference red blood cells erythropoietin

query:    Consider the following piece of Python code that contains some errors. Your task is to debug this code and complete it correctly to meet the below requirements.

```python
import pandas as pd

data = pd.read_csv('https://raw.githubusercontent.com/datasciencedojo/datasets/master/titanic.csv')

def filter_women(data):
    pass

def calculate_survival_rate(data):
    pass

filter_women(data)
calculate_survival_rate(data)
```

The program is intended to perform the following tasks:

1. Uses pandas to load the Titanic data from this link: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/datasciencedojo/datasets/master/titanic.csv.

2. Contains a function called `filter_women()` that is supposed to filter out only the entries corresponding to women onboard the Titanic. The function receives the entire DataFrame as a parameter but currently does not do anything (it simply returns None).

3. Contains a function called `calculate_survival_rate()` that should compute the survival rate of the women onboard the Titanic. The function receives the DataFrame as a parameter but currently does not do anything (it simply returns None).

Your task is to inspect the provided code, identify the errors, and modify the `filter_women()` and `calculate_survival_rate()` functions to make sure they correctly implement the functionality described above.

For the purposes of this test, the "Survived" column in the data uses `1` for survivors and `0` otherwise. Similarly, the "Sex" column uses `female` for women and `male` for men. Ensure your functions work accordingly.

Note: The original DataFrame should not be modified. Your functions should return new DataFrames.

Bonus: Add a functionality that checks the integrity of the dataset before processing (i.e., checks for missing values or inconsistent entries).
keywords: Python pandas Titanic 数据 调试 filter_women calculate_survival_rate 函数 实现 女性 生存率 计算 错误 修正 代码 补全

query:    Question: 他在平昌冬奥会上创造了怎样的奥运会纪录？ Dialogue History: 关于克拉默的国籍和他在哪个项目上取得的成绩。
克拉默是荷兰国籍的运动员。他在速度滑冰项目上取得了显著的成绩。在2014年12月13日的速滑世界杯荷兰站男子5000米比赛中，他以6分12秒74的成绩赢得金牌。后来，在2018年2月11日的平昌冬奥会速度滑冰男子5000米比赛中，他以6分09秒76的成绩再次获得金牌，同时还打破了该项目的奥运会纪录。
keywords: 平昌冬奥会 奥运会纪录 速度滑冰 男子5000米 克拉默

query:    Given an array of strings and a string, write a program to find the first index of the string in the array. If the string is not found, return -1. The array will always have at least 1000 elements. The input string will always be at least 100 characters long and contain only lowercase letters. The program should be able to handle large inputs efficiently.
keywords: array string find first index program return -1 1000 elements 100 characters lowercase letters efficient large inputs

query:    at the croke park gig in dublin, robbie williams said he would come back and play a FREE gig in ireland, couple of days after it was rumoured he was playing in slane, know anytrhing about this?!!
keywords: Robbie Williams free gig Ireland Croke Park Dublin Slane rumors

query:    Can you explain the phenomenon of "curse of dimensionality" in machine learning, where the high dimensionality of the dataset leads to difficulties in training the model and often results in poor performance?
keywords: curse of dimensionality machine learning high dimensionality dataset difficulties training model poor performance

query:    Ko si aburu kankan laafin Ọọni o – Ọlafare
keywords: Ọọni Ọlafare Ko si aburu kankan laafin

query:    In what year was the actress that portrayed a barmaid at the Rovers Return Inn on the program "Coronation Street" born?
keywords: Coronation Street Rovers Return barmaid actress birth year

query:    神仙道荆轲怎么招
keywords: 神仙道 荆轲 招募 方法

query:    What is the name of Austin Powers' twin brother?
keywords: Austin Powers twin brother name

query:    1871年阿道夫·恩格勒成為什麼管理員？
keywords: 1871 阿道夫·恩格勒 管理员 任命 原因

query:    what is the new interconfessional bible
keywords: interconfessional bible new

query:    雷土照明led灯吸顶灯客厅
keywords: 雷士照明 LED吸顶灯 客厅

query:    Create a function in Java to check if the sum of two given positive integers is greater than two times the second number. The function should also handle the case where either of the given numbers is negative and return false in such cases. Additionally, the function should handle the case where the sum of the two numbers exceeds the maximum value that can be stored in an integer variable and return false in that case as well. Consider the edge cases of zero as one of the given numbers and handle them appropriately.

The function should have a time complexity of O(log n) and space complexity of O(1).
keywords: Java function check sum two positive integers greater than twice second number handle negative numbers return false handle integer overflow return false edge cases zero time complexity O(log n) space complexity O(1)

query:    What is the purpose of Via's flat-rate transfers to airports and discounted rides to Hampton Jitney stops in Manhattan?
keywords: Via flat-rate transfers airports discounted rides Hampton Jitney stops Manhattan purpose

query:    I have a set of time series data from a bank that is transaction data from all its clients on a particular currency.
From that data, I attempt to estimate the current "position" of all market participants in that currency.
I do that through a rolling 20 day total (1 month). However sometimes that total changes significantly due to a large data point dropping out of the rolling window, which is an issue in creating an estimate of "positioning".
My questions are

- Is estimating the positioning from flow data reasonable?

- how to adjust for rolling sum changing significantly not due to new data, but old data dropping out?
keywords: positioning estimation flow data rolling window adjustment large data point drop-out currency transaction time series

query:    What was the score the first time the United States competed for a World Cup?
keywords: United States first World Cup score

query:    where is natilos paraguay
keywords: natilos paraguay location

query:    ජනවාරි යනු කුමක්ද?
keywords: ජනවාරි අර්ථය

query:    who is stephanie tubbs jones
keywords: Stephanie Tubbs Jones biography

query:    What creature appears in the coat of arms of Berlin?
keywords: Berlin coat of arms creature

query:    连上网时怎么样查看密码
keywords: 查看 连网 密码 方法

query:    ما هي عاصمة الإمارات؟
keywords: عاصمة الإمارات

query:    FRP在工程结构中的应用与发展
keywords: FRP 工程结构 应用 发展

query:    what happened to jim in the adventures of huckleberry finn?
keywords: Huckleberry Finn Jim what happened

query:    在一个月前，有一次训练磕着右膝盖了，当时就是上下楼疼，拍核磁共振后，显示半月板一度损伤，少量积液，后来，一个月一边休息一边训练，再拍核磁共振，显示少量积液，右胫骨内侧踝前缘骨髓水肿，现在没啥感觉，就是跑步以后会累（恳请医生别劝我休息了，还有2周考试，这个关乎我的前程和命运），我想问这个吃什么药？我考试完了就休息，甚至半年一年的不再运动了，心里没底，这个严重不？跪求？
keywords: 右膝盖 半月板一度损伤 胫骨内侧踝 骨髓水肿 积液 跑步后累 用药 严重程度 考试

query:    which statement about soil color is true?
keywords: soil color true statement

query:    科幻电影流派
keywords: 科幻电影 流派

query:    左右的小拇指在往下弯和弯回来的时候感觉十分不灵活，感觉像是弹过去和弹回来，无名指也有轻微的这样的症状，感觉很机械化，很生硬，没办法很好的控制
keywords: 小拇指 弯曲 不灵活 弹跳感 无名指 症状 生硬 控制困难

query:    directrices éticas recaudación fondos
keywords: directrices éticas recaudación fondos

query:    新款卡宴什么时候上市
keywords: 新款卡宴 上市时间

query:    Which film had more directors on staff, Adam Clayton Powell or Bus 174?
keywords: Adam Clayton Powell Bus 174 film directors number comparison

query:    苹果手机xr卡巢
keywords: 苹果手机 iPhone XR 卡槽 SIM卡槽

query:    什么是护理学 bs
keywords: 护理学 BS 定义

query:    微信分享取消后不退
keywords: 微信分享 取消 不退

query:    Using the media to water, people can change and shape communication where?
keywords: media water communication change shape

query:    From which country does Stella Artois come?
keywords: Stella Artois origin country

query:    Millainen puolue Baath on?
keywords: Baath puolue

query:    are rims and alloys the same?
keywords: rims alloys same difference

query:    亚马逊雨林生态旅游发展趋势如何？近年来，随着人们对环境保护意识的提升，亚马逊雨林生态旅游逐渐兴起，游客数量逐年增长。然而，随着旅游业的快速发展，生态旅游对当地环境和社区的影响也越来越受到关注。
keywords: 亚马逊雨林 生态旅游 发展趋势 环境影响 社区影响

query:    what is accidental death premium?
keywords: accidental death premium definition

query:    what was emily dickinson favorite color
keywords: Emily Dickinson favorite color

query:    Who had the highest amount of single campaign contributors, at the final quarter of the primaries?
keywords: single campaign contributors highest amount final quarter primaries

query:    太空站生活全记录
keywords: 太空站 生活 记录

query:    What is the purpose of the thyroid gland
keywords: thyroid gland purpose function

query:    Implement a Naive Bayes Classifier using the iris dataset in Scikit-learn, calculate its accuracy, and furthermore, perform a multi-fold cross-validation and analyze the resulting confusion matrix to determine precision, recall and F1 score.
keywords: Naive Bayes Classifier iris dataset Scikit-learn accuracy multi-fold cross-validation confusion matrix precision recall F1 score

query:    Missä The Walking Dead -sarja on kuvattu?
keywords: The Walking Dead kuvauspaikka sarja

query:    北京地区冻雨时空分布及探空温湿特征分析
keywords: 北京 冻雨 时空分布 探空 温湿特征 分析

query:    Create a JavaScript function to take an array of numbers and return the sum of all its elements, but without using any built-in array methods such as reduce, map, or forEach. Additionally, you are not allowed to use the addition operator (+) or any arithmetic operators (+, -, *, /) to perform addition. The time complexity of your solution should still be O(n), where n is the length of the input array. The space complexity should still be O(1), meaning you should not use any additional arrays or objects to store intermediate results. Additionally, your solution should be able to handle arrays with a length of up to 10^6 elements. 

For example, given the input array [1, 2, 3, 4, 5], the function should return 15.
keywords: JavaScript 数组 元素求和 不用内置方法 不用加法运算符 时间复杂度O(n) 空间复杂度O(1) 大数组处理

query:    Given two arrays of integers, find the common elements. The arrays may contain duplicate elements and the common elements should be returned in ascending order without any duplicates. Additionally, the time complexity of the solution should be less than O(n log n), where n is the length of the longer array.

arr1 = [1, 2, 3, 3, 4, 5, 5]; arr2 = [4, 5, 5, 6, 6, 7, 8]
keywords: common elements two arrays integers find ascending order no duplicates time complexity less than O(n log n) arr1 arr2 example

query:    Does the neuropeptide secretoneurin act as a direct angiogenic cytokine in vitro and in vivo?
keywords: secretoneurin angiogenic cytokine in vitro in vivo

query:    Kapan PT Kereta api Indonesia  berdiri ?
keywords: PT Kereta api Indonesia berdiri tanggal

query:    What notable location was named a grade II listed building in 1998?
keywords: grade II listed building 1998 notable location

query:    突然链接号码
keywords: 链接号码 突然 断开 连接问题

query:    Does metadoxine improve the three- and six-month survival rates in patients with severe alcoholic hepatitis?
keywords: metadoxine 改善 严重酒精性肝炎 患者 三个月 六个月 生存率

query:    is it rn bsn or bsn rn?
keywords: RN BSN difference

query:    What are some of the Christmas traditions described in the context?
keywords: Christmas traditions described context

query:    Cauzele războaielor mondiale
keywords: războaielor mondiale cauze

query:    compressed towels
keywords: compressed towels

query:    卫生间放卫生纸的盒子
keywords: 卫生间 卫生纸盒 放置

query:    Explain the concept of Pseudo Pure States (PPS) in the context of quantum information processing (QIP).
keywords: Pseudo Pure States PPS quantum information processing QIP 概念 解释

query:    Estoy buscando casos de estudio que muestren estrategias de marketing exitosas en la industria de la moda sostenible para aumentar la conciencia de la marca y mejorar la lealtad del cliente
keywords: estrategias marketing exitosas industria moda sostenible casos estudio conciencia marca lealtad cliente

query:    What is a term for a relationship between individuals of the same species where both individuals benefit?
keywords: mutualism same species relationship both benefit

query:    Question: What role does eph/ephrin signaling play in angiogenesis during different physiological and pathological conditions? Dialogue History: What are the main functions of eph/ephrin signaling in the nervous system, and how are they involved in axon guidance and retinotopic mapping?
Eph/ephrin signaling plays a critical role in numerous biological processes, particularly in the nervous system. In the context of axon guidance, eph/ephrin signaling assists in directing the migration of neuronal axons to their target destinations. This is achieved through their ability to inhibit the survival of axonal growth cones, which repel the migrating axon away from the site of eph/ephrin activation. The growth cones don't merely respond to the absolute levels of ephs or ephrins in contacting cells; they respond to relative levels of expression. This enables migrating axons expressing either ephs or ephrins to be directed along gradients of eph or ephrin-expressing cells towards a destination where axonal growth cone survival is no longer completely inhibited.

Retinotopic mapping, on the other hand, requires proper migration of retinal ganglion cells' (rgcs) axons from the retina to specific regions in the superior colliculus (sc). This process is mediated by gradients of eph and ephrin expression in both the sc and migrating rgcs. The decreased survival of axonal growth cones allows high posterior-to-low anterior ephrin-a ligand expression in the sc to direct migrating rgc axons from the temporal retina area, which express high levels of epha receptors, toward targets in the anterior sc. Similarly, migrating rgc axons from the nasal retina, which have low epha expression, are directed toward the posterior sc. A gradient of ephrin-b1 expression along the medial-ventral axis of the sc guides the migration of dorsal and ventral ephb-expressing rgcs to the lateral and medial sc, respectively.
keywords: eph ephrin signaling angiogenesis physiological conditions pathological conditions

query:    low end product meaning
keywords: low end product meaning

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：裙 | 风格：青春 | 风格：性感 | 图案：波点 | 图案：印花 | 裙下摆：荷叶边 | 裙下摆：层叠 | 裙长：连衣裙 | 裙款式：拼接 | 裙款式：勾花镂空
keywords: 裙 连衣裙 青春 性感 波点 印花 荷叶边 层叠 拼接 勾花镂空

query:    公斤称怎么看
keywords: 公斤称 使用方法 读数

query:    最小处理器状态调多少
keywords: 最小处理器状态 设置 调整

query:    你可以在取消其他之前购买汽车保险吗
keywords: 汽车保险 购买 取消 其他 之前

query:    论语多少章
keywords: 论语 章节 数量

query:    Do network-based biomarkers enhance classical approaches to prognostic gene expression signatures?
keywords: network-based biomarkers enhance classical approaches prognostic gene expression signatures

query:    The Anoaʻi family includes the wrestler who also participated in what other professional sport?
keywords: Anoaʻi family wrestler professional sport other

query:    宝宝几个月添加肉泥
keywords: 宝宝 添加肉泥 月龄

query:    When and where was the star-nosed mole discovered?
keywords: star-nosed mole discovered when where

query:    抽水马桶后面底部漏水
keywords: 抽水马桶 底部 漏水 维修

query:    跑步体能测试的标准是什么？
keywords: 跑步 体能测试 标准

query:    Millaisia autoja Austin Motor Company Limited valmisti?
keywords: Austin Motor Company Limited valmistamat autot

query:    Which areas are composed as the Coral Triangle?
keywords: Coral Triangle areas composition

query:    Do opioid agonists inhibit excitatory neurotransmission in ganglia and at the neuromuscular junction in Guinea pig gallbladder?
keywords: opioid agonists inhibit excitatory neurotransmission ganglia neuromuscular junction Guinea pig gallbladder

query:    do ignition coils just plug in?
keywords: ignition coils plug in installation

query:    Question: 他获得过哪些荣誉和称号？ Dialogue History: 能否告诉我关于他开创的沂蒙画派的内容？
很抱歉，文本中并没有提供关于刘阳开创的沂蒙画派的具体内容。不过，我们知道从1986年至今，刘阳开创了“沂蒙画派”，并在国内外举办个人书画展二十余次。他因此被授予“为山东沂蒙艺术发展作出杰出贡献艺术家”称号。这表明他在艺术领域的成就得到了广泛的认可和尊敬。
他有哪些个人专著？
刘阳的个人专著包括：《刘阳画集》、《刘阳诗集》、《中国动物画技法大全》、《中国现代书印学史》、《刘阳艺术论》、《大学美术》、《刘阳山水画集》、《刘阳人物动物花鸟画集》、《美术技术法丛书》、《20世纪刘阳画集》、《世纪沂蒙·刘阳画集》以及中外历史名著卡通连环画50册，《名人百家相》等。这些作品展示了他在艺术领域的独特见解和独树一帜的风格。
刘阳曾在哪些学校学习过？
刘阳曾在中央美术学院、新闻学院、中国社会科学院研究生院学习。此外，他还曾在国外深造。这些学习经历为他今后的职业生涯奠定了坚实的基础，使他在新闻、书法和美术等领域取得了丰硕的成果。
请问刘阳是什么时候成为中国美术家协会和书法家协会会员的？
你好，很高兴为您解答问题。关于刘阳成为中国美术家协会和书法家协会会员的具体时间，文本中没有明确提到。但我们可以知道，刘阳是一位有着丰富经历和成就的艺术家，他的作品受到了广泛认可。这些成就和他在美术和书法领域的专业素养有很大关系，这可能是他被选拔为这两个协会会员的原因。
keywords: 刘阳 荣誉 称号 获得

query:    domestic partnerships in california responsibilities
keywords: domestic partnerships California responsibilities

query:    头大脑积水宝宝头部能恢复正常吗？一岁半，先天性脑瘫脑积水，发育不良，轻微脑积水，:
keywords: 先天性脑瘫 脑积水 头部 恢复 一岁半 发育不良

query:    空心弹空气阻力特性计算与数值仿真
keywords: 空心弹 空气阻力 特性 计算 数值仿真

query:    农民专业合作组织发展困境的思考——基于企业家能力的分析视角
keywords: 农民专业合作组织 发展困境 企业家能力 分析

query:    cell enlargement definition
keywords: cell enlargement definition

query:    who is andreas sotiriou
keywords: Andreas Sotiriou

query:    Question: Finally, what make kornit's avalanche poly pro and kornit presto unique and notable among their products? Dialogue History: Thank you for the detailed information. i would like to know more about kornit's technology, particularly the pret system and their process for printing on dark garments. how do these work, and what benefits do they offer compared to traditional methods?
Sure, i'd be happy to explain. The pret system is an innovative wetting process integrated into kornit's printers. Instead of manual pre-treatment, this system applies a fixation agent on press immediately before printing, enabling wet-on-wet printing. This feature simplifies the process, reduces manual labor, and enhances efficiency.

Kornit also developed a process for printing on dark garments, which can be challenging with traditional methods. They apply a white coat of ink made from patented cmyk inks on the finished garment, creating the foundation for the design. In addition to cmyk, kornit's systems designated with "hexa" or "hd6" use primary red and green inks for an increased color gamut. These technologies allow for vibrant, accurate colors on dark fabrics that might not be achievable with conventional methods.

Alginate lyase enzymes is an enzyme that is capable of breaking down alginate, a component of the biofilm matrix. The addition of alginate lyase to an enzyme mixture increases the efficacy of the enzyme treatment against biofilm.

Both the pret system and the process for dark garments contribute to kornit digital's eco-friendly credentials, as they reduce waste and resource consumption compared to traditional textile printing methods like screen printing, dye sublimation, and reactive dyes.
I appreciate your response. i am still curious to know more about their headquarters and their global presence, including any branches or offices in different countries. also, have there been any major events in their history, like acquisitions or public offerings? and, could you please mention a few names of the key people involved in kornit's management and their roles in the company?
Certainly! Kornit digital has a global presence with its headquarters in rosh haayin, israel. They have regional offices in various locations, including kornit digital asia-pacific (kdap) in kowloon city, hong kong, and shanghai, china, with ilan elad as kdap president. In europe, the operations (kdeu) are based in düsseldorf, germany, with chris govier as the kdeu managing director.

In terms of company events, kornit digital went public in 2015. They moved their north american operations to a showroom in englewood, new jersey, in october 2018. Key acquisitions include uk-based software firm custom gateway in august 2020 and massachusetts-based footwear manufacturer voxel8 in august 2021.

Regarding key personnel, ofer ben zur was kornit ceo from its founding in 2002 until 2014, when he was succeeded by gabi seligsohn. Ben zur remained as the chief technology officer after the transition. Ronen samuel, a former hp indigo executive, took over as ceo in june 2018.
How did kornit digital evolve as a company and what are its key product offerings for the digital printing industry? are their inks eco-friendly compared to traditional printing methods?
Kornit digital was founded in 2002 by a team with a background in digital printing. They adapted digital printing technology for the textile industry, which had not advanced as fast. Over the years, they have released various direct-to-garment printers such as kornit breeze, thunder, storm, avalanche, allegro, and presto, including specific models for polyester and poly-blend fabrics. The company's inks are deemed eco-friendly and received oeko-tex approval, positioning kornit digital as a sustainable alternative to traditional printing methods like screen printing, dye sublimation, and reactive dyes.
keywords: Kornit Avalanche Poly Pro Presto 独特 特点 产品

query:    what cell type does curcumin damage
keywords: curcumin cytotoxic cell types

query:    微信无法获取摄像头数据
keywords: 微信 摄像头 无法获取 数据

query:    how many kids does mary lou retton have
keywords: Mary Lou Retton children number

query:    在離開義大利前波拿巴發現了什麼？
keywords: 拿破仑 离开意大利 前 发现

query:    what is the simplest means of self-realization in ram charan
keywords: Ram Charan self-realization simplest method

query:    怀孕36周，宝宝双顶颈9。6，正常吗？
keywords: 怀孕36周 双顶径9.6 正常范围 胎儿发育

query:    true economic definition of fascism
keywords: fascism economic definition

query:    抖音拍一拍怎么弄
keywords: 抖音 拍一拍 设置 方法

query:    What explodes as zinc corrodes?
keywords: zinc corrosion explosion

query:    I have seen this girl two times in a  bar. I've seen her staring at me. But I couldn't think up how to go talk to her. I don't wanna chicken out next time.
keywords: bar girl staring how to approach talk avoid chickening out

query:    今天去检查医生说胎儿胆囊里有胆汁。想问一下怀孕36周了正常吗？
keywords: 胎儿 胆囊 胆汁 怀孕36周 正常

query:    Stato ha mai cercato di recuperare la proprietà del David?
keywords: Stato recupero proprietà David

query:    is haccp a stand alone program
keywords: HACCP standalone program

query:    Create a comprehensive data visualization program incorporating the use of advanced features of libraries like Matplotlib or ggplot2, such as subplots, heatmaps, and 3D plots. The data must be divided into various categories for complex analysis.
keywords: data visualization program Matplotlib ggplot2 advanced features subplots heatmaps 3D plots categories complex analysis

query:    what is the amusement park in national lampoon 's vacation
keywords: National Lampoon's Vacation amusement park

query:    what does vitamin d work for?
keywords: vitamin d benefits uses

query:    what is classical indian dance
keywords: classical Indian dance

query:    كم عدد الدول التي تسمح بالزواج المثلي ؟
keywords: الدول تسمح الزواج المثلي عدد

query:    is apple cider vinegar supplement safe
keywords: apple cider vinegar supplement safety

query:    In which Northamptonshire battle, fought on June 14th 1645, did the Parliamentarians under Fairfax, defeat Prince Rupert's Royalists?
keywords: Northamptonshire battle June 14 1645 Parliamentarians Fairfax defeat Prince Rupert Royalists

query:    适合求婚的歌曲
keywords: 求婚 歌曲 推荐 适合

query:    what is the difference between earth and jupiter
keywords: Earth Jupiter difference comparison

query:    促进扩散是否会导致细胞使用能量
keywords: 促进扩散 细胞 能量 消耗

query:    我怀孕了怎么办
keywords: 怀孕 应对方法 怎么办

query:    what is the name of the game in battle for germany
keywords: battle for germany game name

query:    largest cattle farm in the us
keywords: largest cattle farm United States

query:    How did early humans know to breed without the concept of language?
keywords: early humans breeding without language communication

query:    鸡汤生姜味太重了怎么办
keywords: 鸡汤 生姜味 太重 解决方法

query:    《爱情CEO》是由哪些公司联合出品的？
keywords: 爱情CEO 出品公司 联合出品

query:    Are Billy Milano and Adam Levine both lead singers?
keywords: Billy Milano Adam Levine lead singers

query:    Which of the card or tile games Twilight Struggle and Tantrix has a Cold War theme?
keywords: Twilight Struggle Tantrix Cold War theme card game tile game

query:    夏天的果实有哪些
keywords: 夏天 果实 种类

query:    Quelle est la plus vieille école à Téhéran?
keywords: plus vieille école Téhéran

query:    how to transfer big games from android to android?
keywords: transfer big games android to android

query:    what are the inflammatory cells of the synovial tissues
keywords: synovial tissue inflammatory cells

query:    Pernahkah tim sepak bola Jepang ikut dalam Piala dunia ?
keywords: tim sepak bola Jepang Piala dunia partisipasi

query:    Is urinary matrix metalloproteinase-7 level associated with the presence of metastasis in bladder cancer?
keywords: urinary matrix metalloproteinase-7 bladder cancer metastasis association

query:    Does rosiglitazone decrease intra- to extramyocellular fat ratio in obese non-diabetic adults with metabolic syndrome?
keywords: rosiglitazone intramyocellular extramyocellular fat ratio decrease obese non-diabetic adults metabolic syndrome

query:    食管癌晚期中段食管癌晚期，咳嗽，手脚浮肿，是什么原因？什么原因引起的浮肿？
keywords: 食管癌晚期 中段 咳嗽 手脚浮肿 原因

query:    Where do the partition function zeroes of the Ising model for a finite rectangular lattice with an asymmetric self-dual boundary condition lie?
keywords: Ising model partition function zeroes finite rectangular lattice asymmetric self-dual boundary condition

query:    What is Sallie L. Krawcheck's current role and position?
keywords: Sallie L. Krawcheck current role position

query:    who was carl dorsey
keywords: Carl Dorsey biography

query:    :橄榄树
keywords: 橄榄树

query:    New Zealand-born Jonah Lamu is tops on the pitch of this sport
keywords: Jonah Lamu New Zealand rugby

query:    How do we discover moons around Jupiter just now, when we have discovered planets more than a thousand light years away from us before that?
keywords: Jupiter moons discovery recent exoplanets distant light years earlier

query:    موزهٔ پست و تلگراف ایران در کجا قرار دارد؟
keywords: موزه پست تلگراف ایران مکان

query:    what is kroil used for?
keywords: Kroil uses applications

query:    1号发现是淋病治疗7天5天后分泌物培养是非淋前列腺有点大，现在输液治疗8天了医生说在打2天看看前列腺感染了没，自己感觉什么样才算好呢是没有分泌物停药吗前列腺感染怎么检查感染什么意思谢谢
keywords: 淋病 治疗 分泌物培养 非淋 前列腺肿大 输液 疗程 前列腺感染 检查 症状消失 停药标准

query:    how long are ribs good for in the fridge
keywords: ribs shelf life refrigerator storage duration

query:    处女女和哪个星座最配
keywords: 处女座 星座配对 最佳匹配

query:    I answered a question about Beyonce. and i was reported! Frankly I do think Beyonce's CD is lacking...I mean come on she didn't write her own songs,she is screaming on the songs... she is in a great relationship yet she talks about breaking up all the time(not to mention "sasha" i won't even address that craziness here).who is she fooling?she should have listened to her Daddy and not put the CD out. I like the Beyonce of last year..will we ever get her back?
keywords: Beyonce CD criticism songs screaming relationship breakup Sasha Daddy

query:    where does the movie invaders from mars take place
keywords: invaders from mars movie setting location

query:    Are there any negative consequences to smoking pot, if not, why has it been illegal for so long?
keywords: marijuana negative consequences legality reasons

query:    红米note4x的缺点有哪些
keywords: 红米note4x 缺点

query:    how were vikings able to sail their ships so far
keywords: Vikings ships sailing long distance navigation

query:    高危三个月市医院hiv检测结果为阴性准确吗？hiv-2阴性
keywords: 高危 三个月 HIV检测 阴性 准确性 市医院 HIV-2

query:    口袋叶绿飞天螳螂怎么进化
keywords: 口袋叶绿 飞天螳螂 进化 方法

query:    গ্রন্থাগার নিয়ে একটি অনুচ্ছেদ লিখুন।
keywords: গ্রন্থাগার অনুচ্ছেদ লেখা

query:    where to give an im shot in the thigh
keywords: IM injection thigh site location

query:    siser white heat transfer vinyl
keywords: siser white heat transfer vinyl

query:    仇琼英的外貌描写
keywords: 仇琼英 外貌 描写

query:    大军师联盟曹操
keywords: 大军师联盟 曹操

query:    Who appoints judges with the President's approval?
keywords: judges appointed President approval

query:    us congress medical benefits
keywords: US Congress medical benefits

query:    量子物理學研究
keywords: 量子物理學 研究

query:    He was blinded at the age of 3 as the result of an accident with his father's tools
keywords: blinded age 3 accident father's tools

query:    阿里巴巴大药房旗泰白二甲双胍缓释片
keywords: 阿里巴巴大药房 旗泰白 二甲双胍缓释片

query:    what is the volume of a whiskey barrel?
keywords: whiskey barrel volume

query:    Charles Hutchison and William K. Howard were simultaneously active in the film industry between what years?
keywords: Charles Hutchison William K. Howard film industry active simultaneously years

query:    in which country is vikram sambat the official calendar
keywords: vikram sambat official calendar country

query:    Does short pigment epithelial-derived factor-derived peptide inhibit angiogenesis and tumor growth?
keywords: pigment epithelial-derived factor-derived peptide short inhibit angiogenesis tumor growth

query:    魔域90级军功章怎么得
keywords: 魔域 90级 军功章 获取方法

query:    வினா:
 தண்ணீர் எவ்வாறு உருவாகிறது? விளக்கவும்.
keywords: தண்ணீர் உருவாக்கம் விளக்கம்

query:    what is the difference between the mean and the median of the data set?
keywords: mean median difference data set

query:    根据以下商品信息检索对应的商品描述：
类型：上衣 | 版型：宽松 | 版型：显瘦 | 材质：雪纺 | 图案：线条 | 衣样式：衬衫 | 衣领型：v领 | 衣袖型：荷叶袖
keywords: 上衣 宽松 显瘦 雪纺 线条 衬衫 v领 荷叶袖

query:    2016年科學家在哪裡發現了委內瑞拉蟻鶇？
keywords: 2016年 委内瑞拉蟻鶇 發現 地點

